Quinn was wondering what the blood ritual was, after all, there wasn't much information revealed about it. But now that the system was offering for Vorden to become a blooded one, it all became clear to him.
It was a ritual that would allow Vorden to turn into some type of vampire. Underneath the skill, it also had the number 0/2. This would assume that at most, he was only able to turn two people. This number might increase in the future, but for now, that was how it was.
"I can't just turn Vorden into a vampire, he would have to deal with the same crap that I had to deal with." Quinn thought, "Maybe I needed it to make myself stronger, but for Vorden who was already strong, there's no upside."
A thought then came into his mind. The blonde man in the video had told him to grow his own army, and soon others would come for him. Was this what he was talking about?
In the end though, Quinn decided it wasn't his decision to make. Vorden had helped big time, and if he wanted to, then it was his choice. And it would be nice to have people to go through this with.
"Hey Vorden, if you had the option, or let's say I could turn you into a Vampire, would you?" Quinn asked.
"I don't want to hurt your feelings or anything like that, but the answer would be no," Vorden replied. "Being weak for most of the day, sure it's fine while we're on a planet like this but… besides what would happen to my ability?"
Quinn waited for the AI to answer his concern. The AI actually started to seem smarter than he first thought. From what he said earlier and also giving him the option to use his skill. Meant it was listening in on everything that was being said.
"Fine, I can see you're waiting for an answer, His whole cell structure would change, and he would then become a vampire. Or something like one anyway. Which yes would mean he would no longer have his ability. Not only that, but it might be a while before he could learn one as well."
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"You didn't learn the shadow ability the conventional way, there is no longer an ability book to learn from. It would be nearly impossible for you to teach it to him. Then you would have to wait until you found an ability book compatible with your Vampire cells."
"Yeah, sorry Vorden, it probably would get rid of your ability", Quinn said scratching the back of his head. "I just thought I would ask; you might have been one of those types obsessed with Vampires."
"There are people like that?" Vorden replied.
****
The two of them then started to head down the stadium floor, an area that was designed for combat. They had been looking around the room for an hour now, and it seemed like they were unable to find a place where the portal could be.
They needed to make a decision. Whether or not to leave the training centre and head outside to look for another place. But before deciding any of that, Quinn wanted to get the hang of his new skills.
Vorden was also interested and thought he might be able to help since he had experience with using elemental abilities before.
The first test was his dimensional storage skill. Just like with his other skills, all he needed to do was think about it in his head, and it would activate. While activated, the shadow from his own body started to wiggle and swirl about a bit. It looked like an ocean continually moving.
Using a piece of metal he grabbed earlier, he slowly pushed it into his shadow, and the object started to sink in until it eventually disappeared.
"That's kinda neat", Vorden said watching. "Can you get it back out?"
Quinn then placed his hand into his shadow, as he did his arm sunk into it, but he could feel nothing. He then thought of the piece of metal, and suddenly he could feel something in his hand, he pulled out the piece of scrap metal.
The two continued to do more tests with the dimensional storage. Quinn found out that not only his shadow could be used to gain access to things but also Vorden's shadow or any shadow cast by the wall and buildings.
When Quinn touched these shadows, they too would start to wiggle like his own shadow.
The next test was to see if they could store items bigger than the shadow itself. Vorden gathered a bunch of chairs from the stadium and formed them into one giant flat metal circle. Then Quinn placed one hand on the circle while the other on his shadow to store the item.
The shadow underneath his foot started to expand into the shadow created by the large circle. Eventually, the whole thing dropped inside.
It seemed like the size of the item did not matter, and the good thing was it didn't take up any MC to use it.
The next skill as the one Quinn was looking forward to the most. Shadow Control, a skill that didn't say much in terms of description.
[Shadow Control lv.1 active]
Then inside Quinn's mind, something had clicked. He felt like he had a new set of arms he could control. The shadow underneath his legs was alive, and could freely move about. He lifted the shadow, and it was like a dark moving mist that continually surrounded him.
"I guess the skill is limited to just the shadow around you for now. It's like a level 1 earth ability," said Vorden. "I wonder why it needs so many mutant cells to activate and is considered a level 6."
Using the shadow around him, Quinn was able to extend it out and lift the small piece of metal that he pulled from his dimension earlier. It was like controlling another person.
After using it for a while, Quinn seemed to get the hang of it. He could move the shadow to go anywhere around his body, or he could form it into whatever he liked. Even weapons but when changing it into a sword-like shape and trying to cut the metal, it did nothing but go around it.
It seemed like the shadow sword did not have the same properties.
"Well, now that you got the hang of it, you want to spar a little?" Vorden asked.
****