Quinn decided to think long and hard about Logan's suggestion. For him to be able to use his ability. He needed to follow and use Vorden's plan. This way, others wouldn't go after him. But before even that he needed everyone to think his ability was just like everyone else.
But the problem was the shadow ability was linked to the vampires. Most likely, only vampires were able to learn this type of ability, and if that was to be added to the game, it would cause a big problem.
"I'm sorry." Quinn said, "This ability it's not mine, do you know what happened to me recently?"
"What happened to you?" Logan said, puzzled.
Quinn went on to explain how recently he had gone to a red portal planet along with his friend Vorden. And while there he had discovered the ability book and learnt the skill only to have the book disappear.
"I see." Logan said, "I guess I have been in my room too much. I didn't really focus on stuff going on outside. So because of your plan with your friend you need the ability on the watch."
Logan sat down, thinking for a while. The robotic hands had finished massaging him, and now behind him, coffee was being made from another machine.
"Well how about this, you still help me get the ability into the game but I won't make the ability public. If you want, you can come up here and play the game on a private server, and practice using your abilities in the game. You won't have anyone to fight against, but you can still use your abilities freely while no one is looking. I get to study you a bit more, and you get to practise, it's a win-win."
As soon as Logan finished talking, he turned around and started to take a sip of his coffee, letting out a sigh of relief.
"Ahh, the perfect temperature, so what do you think?"
There seemed to be no downside if Quinn was to agree. The only thing was he would feel a bit like a lab rat being looked at all the time, but this solved a few of his problems. Before going to the portal expedition, Quinn wanted to unlock the shadow void. That way if he was in a dangerous situation and in the sun, he would at least have a fighting chance to survive.
"I say go for it." The system said. "If you want to unlock the Shadow skill I told you about earlier, you will need to level up your current shadow abilities to gain skill points. Then you can unlock the Shadow void. This is perfect for you."
Although Quinn found the system annoying, it was clear that it was on his side trying its best to help out the user.
"Alright Logan, I'll do it."
Logan jumped out of his chair and had a smile on his face.
"Great, let's get to work."
Following Logan's instructions, Quinn did as asked and got into the strange large glass test tube. Once he was inside the glass lowered, and now he was trapped in a small space. At the same time, Logan rushed over to his computer and started typing away.
"Can you hear me all okay, Quinn?"
"Yeah, I'm a little nervous this is going to hurt."
"Relax you, big baby," Logan said. "Now, all I need you to do is slowly use your abilities while in the tube."
Quinn proceeded to use his abilities as instructed. He started off with the shadow control and started to move it around in the tube. Numbers on the computer screen were scrolling about like crazy, but as Quinn looked over, it seemed like Logan wasn't typing anything.
Right now, his eyes were closed and his hand was the only thing on the computer.
'Is it his ability?' Quinn thought.
There were some strange instances where Logan had mentioned a few things. He had touched the capsule Quinn was using and said it wasn't hacked, and then when the two of them touched hands, he also could see the system messages. And now there was this.
The tests continued with Quinn demonstrating his Shadow cloak skill, and also his Shadow equip skill. The only thing he didn't show while in the test tube was his dimensional space.
"And we're done," Logan said, rubbing his eyes. He then got out from his chair and started to walk over to his bed.
"All the data has been uploaded to that VR capsule by your side. If you want to practice, then go ahead, I'm going to take a nap. I'm beat."
After lying down on his bed, a few seconds later, he was fast asleep, smiling away.
"He's quite trusting to be able to sleep in a room while you're still here." The system said. "If only he knew what you really were, I wonder if he would feel so safe."
"Looks like you're starting to talk to me now, even when I don't ask you questions," Quinn replied.
After entering the VR capsule and entering the game, Quinn was transported to the white space. Just as Logan had said, there was no way for him to start a match as right now he was in some type of Beta version of the game.
When looking at the list of abilities, his shadow abilities had shown as one of the options. After selecting the shadow ability, Quinn immediately got to trying a few things.
He used his shadow skills as usual, and while in the game, his MC points didn't go down. What Quinn wanted to do was find out ways he could combine his blood skills along with his shadow control skill.
Over the next week, Quinn continued to come to Logan's room every day to practice using his shadow ability. Logan had long done as he promised and had hacked into the watch. Now all Quinn had to do was tap the watch fast three times to switch between Level one and Level 6.
This was all at Quinn's request because he planned to still keep it a secret just for a little while longer.
Then finally, after a week had passed, he had achieved what he had set out to do. His Shadow control skill was now level 2 and so was his Shadow equip skill. Now the Shadow Equip took only a second to fit his beast gear on.
As the system had said, every time he levelled up the shadow skill, Quinn had gained skill points. For each level up, he had obtained 10 skill points he could use on the shadow tab.
Right now, four of the shadow skills out of the ten had been unlocked.
[Shadow control Level 2]
[Shadow cloak Level 1]
[Dimensional void]
[Shadow equip Level 2]
Looking at the other skills, Quinn was tempted to unlock some of the others. Especially since one of the skills required 50 points to unlock called Shadow eater. But in the end, he decided to go with the system's suggestion and purchased the Shadow void skill for twenty points.
[Shadow void level 1 unlocked]
[Shadow void: The ability to create a space surrounded by shadows in a specific area. The space created will last a total of one hour. - 50MC points to cast the skill.]
"50 points, that's half of my MC." But there was no use complaining, in the end, it was a skill meant to help him use his Vampire abilities. While using his Vampire abilities, his MC points would slowly start to restore. Then he could switch back to Shadow abilities.
While in the VR game, Quinn tried to test out the new skill. However, when he tried using it, nothing happened.
"Oh, I guess Logan needs to program any new skills into the game as well."
As he exited the capsule, he released it as the last time he would see the thing in a while. Because tomorrow was finally the day. The day where the first years were to go out on their first portal outing.
****