Finally, the day for the portal outing had arrived. All the first-year students had been told to gather up in the training hall. Which was located on the east side of the building. Usually, the training hall was restricted to military personnel only, which didn't include students.
When Quinn entered the room, he noticed it straight away, because it was the same place he was in before he had been pushed by Peter.
Nearly all the portals in the room had been pushed to the side of the hall, and only a single green portal stood in the centre.
The entire of Del's class had arrived which numbered around 50 students altogether, and currently, they were in groups of five. They were required to stay in the same teams that they had registered for previously.
In the centre of each team was a large rucksack that had been handed to them.
These contained the necessary supplies and needs for every team. There were food pills that lasted up to a month. Water purifying pills and first aid supplies to go with it.
"Alright, boys and girls," Del said as he stood just Infront of the portal. "I have some important information for you before you head in the portal so listen up. When you enter the portal, the communication device on your wrist will no longer work. It is important when entering the portal you keep physical touch with the person next to you. Otherwise, you will be teleported to another location."
Quinn and Vorden both already knew this well.
"Also, you will randomly be teleported somewhere inside the Shelter. Do not be alarmed. The whole Shelter is safe and guarded by the military and other travellers. The expedition is to last a week, and the goal is to bring back as many beast crystals with you as possible. The team with the most beast crystals at the end of the week will get the highest score. The highest tier beast you will see in a green portal planet is an intermediate beast. But this is rare, if you come across one, please avoid confrontation and head to a different location." Del explained.
"Inside the Shelter, there is a military base with a storage room where they will keep track of the crystals you have obtained. I suggest you do this at a regular interval, so you do not lose all your crystals. Our class is the first to enter, and every hour another first-year class will be sent. I hope this class stays competitive as your teacher."
Del continued to explain about the portal outings. He went on to suggest to other students to not travel too far from the original Shelter they were based at. Although there were several shelters scattered around the planet. There was no one to guide them between each one.
And not every Shelter had a military base.
The test was also to begin as soon as the first team landed on the planet. It was up to them to decide how they should pace themselves while hunting. The whole aim was to allow the students to get to the point where they could be self-sufficient.
But the last bit of information that came from Del's mouth was the worst news for Quinn.
"Please keep track of time and be well rested. This planet's day cycle is 72 hours of sunlight before it gets dark for another 72 hours, so you will need to keep track of the time yourselves, and that is everything I need to say."
At that moment, Vorden and Layla turned to look at Quinn, who stood there with his mouth wide open.
"Don't worry Quinn." Layla said, "I packed the umbrella."
"Pft, Umbrella," Vorden said, "I got something even better." Vorden then reached into the bag to pull out some sun cream.
"I think this might do the trick," Vorden said.
Layla immediately started to laugh as she pointed at the bottle.
"You idiot, that's not going to work."
"How can you be so sure!" Vorden snapped back.
"Guys, can you please calm down? People are staring," Quinn said.
And sure enough, everyone around them was looking at the two in a heated argument.
While Layla and Vorden continued to quietly argue away, Quinn was making sure everything was in the bag and Erin was playing around with her beast sword. The only one who wasn't, and hadn't said a word this whole time was Peter.
He had made sure to stay quite a distance away from the others.
One by one groups would be called up to enter the portal, but before the Quinn group had been called, Quinn pulled Vorden to one side to ask him a few questions.
"Hey so, any news on who was behind the thing with Peter?" Quinn asked.
"Nothing," Vorden replied.
"What seriously?"
"Yup, And when I say I roughed up the kids pretty badly, I really mean it. The only thing I found out from them was you weren't the original target, it was me." Vorden explained. "Although I did manage to follow them, and it seemed like they were heading into the second year building an awful lot. I tried to get in to see where they were going but no luck there. Perhaps I ruffled a little too many second year feathers."
"I see, well I guess maybe we should keep an eye on Peter for now."
"Hey, Quinn," Vorden whispered. "Do you really not think this will work?" Vorden then pulled out the sun cream he had brought with him.
"We already tried it, but thanks for looking out for me."
Just then, the number of their group had been called, and they were ready to head into the portal. As Erin went to pick up the rucksack from the floor, another hand had reached for it. As she looked up, she noticed it was Peter.
"Please, let me help." Peter said, "I don't want to be useless and drag the team down."
"Just let him do what he wants!" Vorden shouted. "The least he can do is carry our things."
Standing in a row, the group stood behind each other, one in front of the other. Each was holding onto the shoulders of the person in front. At the back was Peter, and Vorden at the front.
"Now remember, don't let go," Del instructed. "In seven days, you are to head to the military base and return through the portal back here."
One by one, they walked through, and an odd feeling came over their body. Then finally, Peter was the last one to enter.
All their senses were heightened as they went through the portal. Their minds felt like it was slightly spinning. Then after a few seconds, it was over.
When the group opened their eyes, they were surrounded by townsfolk chatter and all sorts. Rows of buildings and shops, market stalls selling food and weapons. They had successfully made it to the Shelter.
But one person wasn't happy about it at all.
[You are in contact with direct sunlight]
[Your stats will now decrease by 70 percent]
***