Once the strange feeling had come over, Quinn's body had disappeared. A message appeared, one stating that one of his family members has gotten stronger. There was no need to ask the system what the message meant because he could feel it.
The strange sensation and connection between him and Peter. It was a similar feeling to when he consumed blood but it wasn't him getting stronger it was Peter.
"I'm sorry, Logan. Thanks for all your help, but I don't have time to talk now, I have to go!" Quinn shouted. He went up to the mannequin that contained the mask and the suit and immediately put them into his dimensional void, just like with his other beast equipment, they had been registered with his shadow equipment, so he was able to put the costume on and off whenever he wanted.
Just as Quinn was about to leave through the door, he turned and looked at the workbench. On top, there were several different mask designs all a little different from each other. They were the different designs he and Logan had come up with until they felt like one of them was best.
"Hey, Logan, if it's not too much trouble, do you think you could complete the other mask designs for me?"
Logan chuckled to himself. "Are you kidding me? I could finish them all by the end of today if I wanted to."
Quinn smiled back and looked at the bags under his eyes he could tell that Logan had worked hard on the costume and hadn't even rested since finishing it. "Logan, I promise I'll pay you back for this one day. As soon as I find out anything about this situation, I'll let you know."
With that, Quinn ran down the hallway and the staircase rushing over to where Peter was. Although he had no clue where Layla and Vorden had taken him. It felt like the system or a part inside him was telling him where Peter was. If he went in the right direction the connection grew stronger. If he headed in the wrong direction it felt weaker.
It was similar to playing a game of hot and cold.
Without slowing down, Quinn ran down the stairs and out the hallway ignoring everyone he went past. But for the first time, a strange scent entered his nose. It was unusual for Quinn as he had never smelt this before.
Ever since he had turned into a vampire all of his senses seemed to improve apart from his taste but he could also say it was just heightened in other areas. Still, this smell was completely different to everyone else around him and he didn't know why.
If he wasn't in such a rush and panic he would have turned around to see who was giving off such a strange smell.
Before leaving the school he grabbed a random umbrella at the entrance. Often people would forget their umbrellas after a day of rain leaving them out to dry, this made things a lot easier for Quinn.
Once he had left the academy, he continued to listen to his body following the connection which eventually led him to the park and finally inside the forest.
As he arrived he managed to hear the last few words that Layla had said. However, there wasn't much to ask, judging by the system's message Quinn could guess what had happened already. Seeing the bloody clothes in Vorden's hands and the marks of dried blood on Peter's hands and mouth his suspicion was confirmed.
Peter had eaten human flesh and most likely killed someone in the process. While Quinn wanted to blame Peter for the actions he really couldn't. Quinn was the one who turned him into this creature, and he knew exactly what it was like.
When Quinn had turned into a vampire, he too was unable to control his blood lust and ended up biting Layla in the process. It was just unfortunate that for Peter his needs were human flesh, which usually turns out fatal for the person being eaten.
As Vorden was exiting the forest from where Quinn had gone he whispered into Quinn's ear. "You need to do something about him and fast."
As soon as he said those words, he continued to exit the forest with the clothes in his hands while shouting. "I'll get rid of these; you guys look after Peter."
"Now can one of you please tell me what happened?" Quinn asked.
****
Meanwhile, Vorden made sure to cover the clothes as best as he could. He wrapped and piled it in a bundle making it easy to cover most of the blood marks. He entered the school without being seen and headed back to the dorm room where he put all of the bloody clothes into a plastic bag including his own.
Then from his and Peter's closets, he grabbed a change of clothing. Luckily the school supplied them with plenty of uniforms, mainly because of how much fighting went on at the school. Although if you went through too many you would eventually have to pay for it yourself.
With a new set of clothes for Peter in one bag and the bloody clothes in the other, he needed to find a way to get rid of the evidence.
Just as he was walking down the hall wondering what to do about it, he spotted someone who would make his life a lot easier for him.
"Hey, Berg!" Vorden said. "How are you doing?" Placing the bag in his left hand into his other hand, he touched Berg on the shoulder and successfully copied his flame abilities.
"Oh Vorden," Berg said with a fake smile on his face. "It's so nice to see you, ermm... About those crystals, you don't have to worry about giving them back. Think of it as a gift from my family to yours."
"Oh, thanks I was just coming to check if that was okay with you," Vorden replied.
But while Vorden was doing his best to fake a conversation, he noticed that many of the students in the hallway were gossiping about something.
"Did you hear about what they found?" One of the students said.
"You mean that thing they found behind the second-year building?" Another replied.
"Yeah, all the students are outside, while the schools’ investigation team is trying to find out what happened."
"I think maybe a student got killed?"
"Inside the school, isn't this like the second case this year? Maybe we should start worrying if a beast got through the portals or something."
Vorden took this opportunity to break away from Berg and head to a place where he wouldn't be seen. It was quieter around the first year building now since most of the students had moved to the second-year building. They tried to see what was going on, or if they couldn't get close they were asking other students about it.
Using this opportunity Vorden was able to sneak off into a secluded area and burn all the evidence without anyone noticing.
"I just hope there wasn't anything we forgot."