It was late in the afternoon, and the sun was still shining brightly. However, soon it would be dinner time for most of the students. While some were outside having dinner with their friends, others chose to have a meal at the school canteen. It was in the canteen that Vorden was at this moment.
He had already done what he needed to do, to complete his plan. After gathering some information from the other students, it led him to the canteen. And now all he needed to do was head back to Peter.
Although Quinn said it was unlikely he would get hungry within one day after feeding, there was still a possibility that something could happen today. Which meant Vorden would have to make sure his backup plan was ready each and every day.
After grabbing a snack for himself to eat from the canteen, he headed back up to the dorm room to check on the others. As he opened the door though, he was surprised to see Layla standing in the corner of the room while having her bow pointed at Peter.
Peter himself had both of his hands up and was as far away from Layla as possible inside the little room.
"Whoa, what is going on here?" Vorden asked.
But before either of the two could say anything, a message was received on Vorden's watch.
"Vorden Blade, you are to head to Nathan's office immediately. Judging by your location, you should be able to reach us in five minutes. If you are not here, then prepare to face the consequences."
"What is this about?" Vorden said. "You heard the message I've got to go. And you two, stop fighting and make up, we have enough problems as it is."
"No, wait!" Layla cried, but the door had already shut, and Vorden was rushing off to the office.
"I'm sorry, Peter," Layla said. "Let's just keep it like this for now. I'll stay by the door, and if anything happens, I'll leave first."
"Well, why don't you let me head over to the fridge and see if I can try to make the hunger go away," Peter asked.
Layla took a deep breath before replying.
"Fine." Using her telepathic ability, she opened the fridge door and pulled out a piece of meat for Peter. Making sure Peter kept his hands up while she was doing this. After seeing what he was capable of and what happened to Earl. She wasn't taking any chances.
When Peter asked if he could use his hands to eat, Layla allowed it, but she kept her arrow slightly drawn and facing Peter the whole time.
'Quinn, where the hell are you?' Layla thought
****
Inside the office, Quinn did as asked and sat down in the seat, opposite to the lady. He was still unsure exactly why they had called him here.
"Now Quinn, I'm sure you're thinking why we called you here, Right?" Nathan said. "Well, as you may know, there was a death yesterday, and we're trying to find out who's responsible."
"Wait, you're saying it wasn't a beast?" Quinn said, trying to act surprised.
"Well, it might be, who knows, all we do know is there have been quite a few cases like this before, do you remember how we called you into questioning a while ago. Well back then we didn't ask you many questions because a level one couldn't possibly be able to kill higher levels. So after asking whether you did it or not, we let you go.
"However, death seems to be following you around lately, and we need to know if it's bad luck, or maybe it's someone with bad luck that is following you around. So please if you could touch the pretty ladies hand, we can begin the questioning"
Quinn obeyed the order dutifully, at first, there was no reaction as the woman had yet to activate her ability.
All Quinn could hope for now was that they would ask him simple questions like last time. If they just asked him if he was the one responsible for Earl's death, then he could answer truthfully. It seemed like he had gotten away with it the last time due to him only being a level one. They never really considered him a suspect in the first place.
But this time was different. It was the second time he was being interrogated so they must have found some type of link, linking him to the others, but the truth was he really did have no clue about what happened to Brandon. He only knew about Loop.
"Now Quinn, do you know the truth of what happened to Earl Hampton yesterday?" the lady asked.
'This was it!' Quinn thought. They had asked a question, and in an instant, she would know if he was lying or not. Her hands started to glow, and energy started to enter Quinn through his hands, then a message from the system appeared.
[An ability has been detected]
[Users mental strength and charm is strong enough to block the ability]
[Would you like to block the ability?]
To his surprise, a new message had appeared, unlike what happened last time. It was an unexpected but welcome result. When the ability was used on him last time, it had completely gone through. The only difference between now and before was he had evolved into a full vampire, and obtained the charm stat.
It seemed like the charm stat was becoming more useful with every new problem he faced. The issue now was if he blocked the girl's ability, would she be able to tell it was blocked? Or would it feel like he was telling the truth?
In the end, it depended on how her ability would react to him blocking it, Quinn was unsure of this as well, it was a total gamble.
Still, he decided there was nothing to lose right now, so his best option was to block the ability and see how she would react. After confirming with the system that he wished to block her ability, Quinn answered the question: "no". She then let go of Quinn's hands.
"He's telling the truth." She said, The reason why she believed this was because of how her ability worked.  It couldn't actually tell if someone was telling the truth or if someone was lying. The ability could actually only determine if someone was lying, when someone she was touching would lie, she would feel a reaction from her ability, but there was no reaction when someone was telling the truth.
This meant if no reaction was felt, then that person wasn't lying. What she didn't know was that Quinn was able to block her ability entirely, ultimately causing no reaction to happen whatsoever.
The interrogation went on after the girl touched Quinn's hands again, Nathan was asking Quinn questions about the missing students from before, and eventually this line of questioning led to the bite marks. Quinn answered the questions he could as truthfully as possible, but whenever he wanted something to stay hidden, he would use the system to block the girl's ability.
"Alright, the interrogation is over Quinn," Nathan said. "It seems like you were innocent, just like we thought."
"Oh, then why did you try to question me?" Quinn asked.
"Just to be absolutely certain." Nathan replied. "This time, we have decided to be thorough, since there has now been more than one case, and it seems that they are following the same pattern. Still, we can now be sure that you are not the culprit, just like we expected."
Quinn was then asked to stand next to Fay and Hayley, to the side of the interrogation room. They stood there for a while as they stared at the door, waiting for the one they truly thought was the culprit.
Then a few moments later, a knock at the door was heard.
"Come in!" Nathan shouted.
Vorden had walked through the door, and to his surprise, Quinn was there with them.
"Please, Vorden is it? If you could sit in this chair, we would like to ask you a few questions."
This was bad, Quinn thought. Although he had gotten through the integration due to his system's ability, the same couldn't be said for Vorden. If they asked him the same questions they had asked Quinn, then he, or even all of them would be caught.