"Will you calm the heck down?!" Raten shouted.
Vorden was continuously pacing up and down as he saw Sil take control of the seat in the black room. It was a rare occurrence. Sil usually came out in times of danger and even then, once the danger was over, he would return to his dark corner. Yet for some reason, Sil seemed to be slightly changing ever since Vorden had first met Quinn.
Vorden liked the change and thought Quinn would eventually be a good influence on him. But now was not the time. They were in a tense situation and Quinn had enough on his mind. Vorden could do nothing but stand there. He was afraid if he was to approach Sil, he might freak out and remain in control the whole time.
"Vorden, are you okay?" Quinn whispered back.
Sill quickly shook his head rapidly. "I told you, my name is Sil. I have been waiting to meet you, Quinn."
Quinn did not know how to react to this. He calmed down and started to think. How did Vorden manage to escape the interrogation with the woman? Was it something to do with his power? Or something entirely different? Right now, Vorden was claiming to be a different person. If the person before him didn't look exactly like Vorden, he would have believed him.
"Maybe it is an ability he copied before coming here?" Quinn thought. "A mind swap ability which allowed Vorden to fool the woman. Vorden, you are a genius."
"Nice to meet you Sil." Quinn smiled back. "Thanks for helping us back there, we owe you one."
"No problem at all," Sil said. He lifted his hand and started rubbing Quinn's curly hair as if he was a cute dog. Quinn was starting to have odd feelings about this. If it was just the two of them in a room, he would have pulled away or even pushed Vorden, not Sil back. But they were still under watch and he didn't want to cause a scene. "If you ever need any help, you can always call me."
Inside the black room, Sil left the chair and walked away. As he crossed Vorden he said, "Thank you, it looks like he won't become another Caser after all."
Hearing that name brought back bad memories for Vorden and Raten, but now was not the time to think about it. Vorden quickly rushed over to the chair and took control. To Vorden's side was Quinn, however, his hand was still on top of Quinn's hair. His face went bright red as he pulled his hand back.
"Sorry about that...that was... that was…" Vorden started to stumble on his words.
"That wasn't you, I could tell," Quinn replied. "Good thinking on the mind swap thing. For now, as long as none of us was seen that day, we have nothing to worry about."
As the words left Quinn, he felt something fade away from his body. He was losing an important part of himself, the connection with something was being lost and he knew exactly what it was.
"What's wrong?" asked Vorden.
Grabbing his chest, Quinn replied, "I think it's Peter. He is hungry. I can't control him for much longer. I'm already losing the connection."
"But it was only yesterday that he had his fill," said Vorden, making sure to keep his voice down.
"I know. Guess we are just unlucky. At this rate, if he doesn't get it every day, he will continue to starve. And I'm afraid when he is hungry, I can't control him as I did earlier."
When Vorden heard Quinn's words, his mind went back to the time before he came to Nathan's office. When he entered the room, he remembered seeing Layla pointing an arrow at Peter.
'Did it already start back then?' Vorden thought.
They had been in the interrogation room for nearly two hours now. As they looked outside, the sun had already set and was replaced with the night sky.
"Quinn, we have to get out of here!" Vorden said, grabbing him by the hand. "I think Layla's in trouble."
A beep was heard in the room as the door slid open and in came Nathan, followed by Fay and Hayley.
"Looks like we are in luck and someone found something," Nathan said with a smile.
Just behind them, another student entered the room.
****
Inside the dorm room, Peter had eaten every single bit of raw meat he could find in the fridge, but it didn't help his hunger at all. And the pains in his stomach were starting to get worse.
"Peter, please! You are starting to scare me." Layla said
He was now hunched over the floor, grabbing his stomach. "Layla please, just leave!" Peter shouted.
"I can't! What if you go kill someone again? Come on, you can fight it. I have been on diets ten times worse than this. Once I only drank juice with no food. Would you believe that?" Layla continued rambling on, in the hope of calming both Peter's nerves as well as her own.
"I would rather it be someone who deserved it, than you," Peter said as he looked up at her from the ground. "You were the one who taught me how much of a scumbag I was, but I'm different now." At that moment, he felt as if someone was reaching down into his stomach with their hand and were trying to pull all the food he had just eaten up and onto the floor.
A few seconds later, everything that Peter ate came back up along with some greenish liquid.
"Peter, are you okay?!" Layla asked, with a concerned look on her face.
As Peter raised his head, his eyes were glowing a bright red. His two front fangs grew larger. They were sticking out over his lower lip now. He slowly got up from the ground and made his way toward Layla.
"Peter, I'm sorry," Layla said as Peter edged closer to her. She let go of the drawn arrow, aiming for Peter's knee.
The arrow hit the mark. It made no difference as Peter didn't even try to dodge the arrow. He pulled the arrow out from his knee and broke it with a snap. The mark left by the arrow healed instantly.
This was it. She tried her best to control him but it was clear that Peter was no longer present. He was just another monster now. She reached for the door and tried opening it, but a loud crash, as if someone had just broken glass, made her pause.
Turning around, she saw the bedroom window was broken. She rushed to the window, avoiding the broken glass. As she looked outside, there was no sign of Peter. They were currently in a three-story building. If a human was to jump from here without any support, they would break their legs. But Peter was no longer human.
Peter limped in the darkness towards the forest. The fall broke his legs but even as he walked, they continued to heal. "I won't hurt any of you guys. I promise." Peter told himself. "But I have to do something to get rid of this hunger."
*****