Inside the training hall, in one of the military bases, Nate and Sam were training. The second-year students had a lot more time compared to the other students. Hence, most of the time, second-year students would use their free time for practical training.
They often went to other planets to support the base military in their endeavors. However, as of the moment, the second-year students were to remain at their bases for the time being, under the upcoming Inter-base military event.
It was an event that required all of the eight military bases to enter - It was a competition among the bases. The events varied from certain activities and games, to straight out fighting. The military bases would compete to see who had raised the best and strongest students. Moreover, the leaders and generals would often be rewarded greatly according to the acquired results.
The event was important for the military bases and their leaders since they would often get more funding and privileges based on the performance, shown during their participation.
Because of this, the second-year students, who were the main focus of the events, were practicing. This was for the reason that the second-year students often had more time to cultivate their abilities to higher levels, they were able to obtain more beast gear equipment, and were more experience overall.
It was very rare for first-years to compete in some of the minor events, as most of the slots for each activity would usually be taken up by a second-year student. Still, there were some cases when a first-year user might be suited for a particular activity.
An example of this would be the ‘hack-the-vault challenge’. In this tournament, the team would have to make their way, through numerous security devices and sentinel, successfully making their way to the vault right at the end of the course. This didn't solely require strength, but rather, a set of particular skills.
The two of them were in the room - Sam was reading a level 6 ability book that was placed on the floor. Meanwhile, Nate observed his companion.
Sam had his eyes closed for a while now, meditating. All the while energy was flowing inside his body, he was trying the techniques that were written down in the book. The power began to rise from the pit of his stomach, but soon after, it became painful.
All of a sudden, a burning sensation arose in his chest, promptly stopping him from what he was doing.
"Don't push yourself, Sam. This might be your limit." Nate said.
Sam looked at his friend's wristwatch which was now displaying the number 7. Nate had grown so much stronger and Sam was always behind him, so he wanted to catch up. Sam had done well in increasing his ability from level 4 to 5. He had saved up enough money to buy a level 6 wind ability book.
Nevertheless, the problem that he had right now tortured many. Hence, he had reached his limit not long after. Just because one had a high-level ability book, it didn't entail their eligibility to learn it. Usually, humans have varying anatomy, mainly on the aspect that every one of their bodies produces different amounts of MC cells.
The burning ache that Sam felt in his heart meant that he had reached his limit. Thus, pushing his body any further could be dangerous.
Sam knew what this sensation meant, as it conveyed the state of his body. However, he still wanted to pursue the matter, even supposing that after several attempts, it seemed like his efforts were useless. He had abused the extent of strain that his body could bear.
Though, it wasn't a complete loss since he could still sell the book to others who would need it. However, optimistic Sam was regarding the issue, Nate could see that his friend was depressed.
"Don't worry too much. There are plenty of people out there who are strong even without the use of abilities. Look at that Pure group for example." Nate said with a cheery tone in his voice, trying to ease Sam’s worries. "All we need to do is get you some good beast gear that suits your ability. Also, we can always work on your skills."
Sam could tell that Nate was trying to cheer him up, so he didn't want to stay too depressed in front of him for too long. If there was one thing that could make him feel better, it was bringing his friend back down to his level.
"So, about that new teacher, it seems like she's been picking on you during classes lately," Sam said, giggling away like a high-school girl.
Nate's face had gone bright red at this point as he started to remember the small banter that he and Silver had. "That teacher is bonkers. She already made fun of my head, but she refuses to call me by my name and calls me blockhead all the time. I even decided to shave the corners of my beautiful hair because of her."
"I also heard about how one of the other teachers confessed to her. The next day, he came into school with a black eye," Sam replied as he looked at his friend's new haircut. "I always wondered why you purposely matched up to your hair with your face's jawline. I think this rounded look is a lot better for you," Sam replied.
"You mean it?" Nate said as he enthusiastically grabbed Sam's hands. "I haven't seen her today, so maybe she will like this new haircut of mine as well.
"You poor soul," Sam said while shaking his head. "You don't even realize you're already in too deep."
"I wonder where she is?" Nate said, looking around the room.
Meanwhile, inside the school's IT room, Silver was currently standing above one of the school's staff members. The reflection from the screen displayed that his eyes had a slight red tint to them, meaning that he was under Silver's control.
Right now, she was searching for the school files regarding a student named Fex. So far, there were no results. It was expected, especially since, if she was in Fex's shoes, she would have never used her real name in the human world. Still, she would try it even if there was a slim chance.
After searching the military base's school files, she asked the man to check the other military bases one by one, and to her surprise, she did get a hint about his existence.
"Oh, you stupid little boy." Silver said out loud. The file was found and it seemed like Fex had used his real name. The reason why she was unable to find him so far was because, he was located at military base two.
Although this was good news for her, it wasn't long until the Inter-base military event and she would be able to make her move to bring Fex home.
"Hopefully, you haven't caused too much trouble yet."
*****