While going through the portal, the group made sure to hold on to the person in front of them tightly. Last time it wouldn't have been so much of a big deal if they were to disconnect and let go. Although this might have caused them to split up, they were guaranteed to teleport somewhere safe in the shelter but this time was different.
Shelters were often incomplete and sometimes not all of the spawn areas had been marked yet. So they could be chucked deep into beast territory, and be there, on their own.
The fear could be felt in Cia's shoulders as Layla gripped on tightly. While Cia slid down her hands towards a certain place on Vorden's body. She inched closer and closer and went down lower. If they weren't in the middle of being warped, he would have turned around and pushed her, but Vorden wasn't that cruel and Raten wasn't complaining about what was happening one bit.
Finally, the distorted space ended and white light could be seen up ahead. When the white light vanished, a bright blinding light flashed in their eyes. Finally, when their eyesight slowly returned, the first thing they could see was green, lots of green. More specifically, giant green trees.
"Please, step aside to allow the other students to arrive!" A loud voice said as he pointed to his side.
Just like last time, they had arrived in one of the areas that had been circled off. When they looked at the person commanding them, he hardly looked any older than them. Most likely a recruit who had just graduated and decided to stay with the army.
The group went over to where the man pointed and it seemed there were other groups of students standing by the side waiting as well. Several soldiers were checking and coordinating with them. Making sure they stayed in place and didn't wander off.
"It's a lot better organized than our last trip?" Layla said.
"Of course, it would be," Cia replied. "A green portal planet is practically safe, you would have to be a moron to be killed on one of those. But here, an orange planet can be a huge risk so they have to be extra careful."
Cia's words rubbed the group in the wrong way. They had been involved in the Dalki attack which was devastating to them. They still had a deep scar in their minds. Although the students knew of what happened, they weren't informed which group of students had encountered the Dalki. Many of them thought it was only Ben's group that met them and died.
While standing off to the side, Quinn was able to take a good look at the shelter they were in, the planet and the shelter itself were vastly different from the one before. The first thing Quinn did, was pop up his trusty umbrella to protect him from the sun, but this time, it didn't do much to make him feel better.
Looking around, everything looked green. Giant trees, bushes, vines, and even plants that Quinn had never seen before. They were now in what Quinn would call a forest. This was why Quinn's body still felt extremely sluggish. The place was humid, hot, and sticky and it looked like he wasn't the only one being affected as everyone around was sweating heavily as well.
But Peter seemed fine. At this point, he started thinking, Peter might have gotten a better class than himself, but then he remembered, Peter digging into human flesh and he was fine with dining on blood for now.
The shelter itself was vastly different as well, in a way it looked incomplete. Most of it seemed to be made from some type of wood and mud, although the architecture was impressive. They had managed to build upon the large trees. Incorporating them into their shelter.
There were stiff large bridges made from wood and spiraling staircases that would lead you from floor to floor and tree to tree. The Ground floor where they were standing at the moment, was mostly empty and only had certain areas that had been marked out, where the teleportation spots would take you.
Upon looking upward, Quinn could see residential houses and some market shops, although nowhere near the amount compared before. But the thing that surprised him the most, was just how many residential houses there were in an orange portal like this one.
Quinn even saw children playing on the bridges above. Layla could see the surprised look on Quinn's face.
"This is one of the cheapest places for people to live in," Layla explained. "This is a tier-five city. So it doesn't have any walls to protect the citizens. Hence, they are open to attack. The soldiers will do their best to protect them but because this planet is still in the middle of exploration, their focus isn’t so much on the shelters.
"The citizens aren't required to pay tax on an orange planet, so those who can't live on earth and can't even make a living on a green portal planet end up here. Of course, red portal planets are just too dangerous in the first place, and only the strongest of military shelters and factions can survive there."
Quinn started having strange thoughts after hearing this from Layla. If it was true, those who couldn't afford a place to live on earth had no choice but to be here, then why didn't Quinn end up in one of these places like these kids?
When his parents had died, a government official had come over and explained to him that they would look after him until he was sixteen and provide him with an apartment. So why didn't these kids get the same type of treatment?
Now that he thought about it further, it was also strange when he had received the book that gave him his vampire abilities at age ten. They were so keen on trying to keep things for themselves, so why did they allow Quinn to have the book. At first, he thought it was because the book was useless, but now he was having second thoughts about the whole thing.
Thinking back, he didn't know his parents all that well and they didn't leave much behind other than the book. How did they even get the book in the first place?
"System, do you know how my parents obtained the book?" Quinn asked.
"I'm afraid I am not able to answer that question for you at this time, but in the future, if the right moment occurs I will be able to answer you."
It seemed like there was a link between Quinn's parents and the book after all. However, the system wasn't willing to share this information with him. Not until he unlocked a certain condition as explained before.
While Quinn was deep in thought, he noticed that a group of travelers had arrived at the shelter. One of the higher-ups in the military went forward to greet them and they both seemed to respect each other well.
After a brief chat, the Traveller handed the man something before heading off, back into a part of the forest where they had come from.
"They looked strong," Fex said with a grin on his face.
"That's because they are," Vorden replied. "To be able to travel through a planet alone where the level of beasts is unknown with just five of them. They have to be confident in their skills."
"What were they doing at the military shelter?" Quinn asked.
"Most likely sharing information," Vorden replied. "You see on an orange portal planet, there is more than one shelter. Different factions including the military usually set up a base here. Exploring a planet is a collective effort and once they finish scanning their parts, every shelter share information with each other. This saves time, so the different shelters aren't exploring parts of the planet that have been explored already.
The students were now being led along to an open space, and while doing so, they could see the people from the shelter and children come out from above. They looked down on the new students, peaking over from the bridge.
All of the first-year students were once again lined up in rows with the homeroom teachers at the front. While Fay and Leo stood in the middle of all the classes.
They had come to an open area of the man-made forest. The trees had been rooted and dugout, and the ground flattened. Most of what they were standing on was mud. They could also see several paths from the circle open area leading deeper into the forest. 
"Alright everyone, each class shall now explore a different path." Fay said." I hope you listen to your homeroom teachers well. The scanners will not activate until your teachers say so. So don't try to get ahead of yourselves. You will continue to follow the path and your teachers will tell you when you are in an unexplored area. Remember, to always stay on your guard, and have your scanners by your side.
My last warning to you all, you will encounter beasts on this trip, at what level I do not know. I wish you all luck!" Fay shouted.
The students saluted the two sergeants, before heading down their paths.
'I wonder what beasts we will run into' Quinn thought. Excitedly thinking about the experience points.
****