The homeroom teacher Del took the lead down, one of the paths. The pathway they walked on seemed quite wide and well flattened. It was clear the path was man-made and it looked like large vehicles would come through this way from time to time.
Because the path was originally meant for large vehicles, the students weren't bunched up in a single file but were able to spread out and take in the scenery around them.
Fex who was walking by Quinn's side took in a deep breath of fresh air. "Now this, this is what I call different." He had a huge grin on his face as he looked around the large greenery surrounding them.
While the two of them were walking, Quinn took this as his chance to ask him a few questions. Fex had already made up his mind that Quinn had always been on earth. A vampire who hadn't been back home, so he thought it was only natural to show some interest.
"So back home, there isn't anything like this?" Quinn asked, adding the word home trying to make it sound natural.
"Nah, compared to earth, and these planets with all the bright colors, our home has nothing." Fex moaned.
"While relocating they had decided to choose a mostly dark place, but they also needed an atmosphere that they could still live in. They had found the perfect place for vampires, but I don't know why, but it always felt strange to me."
The words that Fex spoke, confirmed a few things to Quinn. The vampires were indeed no longer on earth like they were when the blonde man was a vampire. At some point, they had relocated to a different planet.
Now, Quinn was even more confused about how his parents had managed to get the book.
"Don't worry, if you and I ever return to the place, I'll give you a grand tour," Fex replied. "So Quinn, you asked me a question now let me ask you one. Where did you get your shadow ability?"
Hearing these words, Quinn thought back to how the system had mentioned not to tell anyone about the shadow ability because it was something important to the vampires. 
"Just tell him you don't have permission to tell, that shall be enough for now." The System said.
"I'm afraid I don't have permission from my leader to tell you that," Quinn answered.
Fex clicked his tongue and placed his hands behind his head. "Figured as much, but the shadow ability is cool."
As they continued to walk down the path, they noticed there were plenty of plants that looked strange. At the very least they didn't resemble anything back on earth. One plant was shaped like an S and was the same size as the human body. There were several light blue ring-like patterns on it.
Upon seeing this, the other students pulled out their scanners trying to gather information. But just like Fay had said, the scanners currently weren't working. They seemed to all be linked to a device that the homeroom teacher had.
Only when he activated his device, would the other students be able to use their scanners.
Although others couldn't get any information from it, someone else could.
Quinn walked up to the plant to see if he could, there was one skill that he had, that might work.
[inspection]
[Blue ringed growth plant]
[A plant that can be used to greatly enhance the pleasure in the groin area for both the female and male parts]
"Hey, Quinn, what's up with your face man?" Vorden asked, looking at Quinn who seemed flustered for some reason. "Is it the heat? If you need a break, we can start walking at the back of the group."
"No, don't worry I'm fine," Quinn replied as he quickly moved on.
As they walked, Quinn decided to use his inspection skill on every new thing he saw. It was a great chance for him to level it up once again. There were still times when the inspection skill was unable to give him information, but while on the red portal planet it was a lifesaver. It even allowed him to get the shadow ability that was locked away in the storage unit.
Quinn had tried repeatedly using the inspection skill on a basic item such as a pen. But after about 1000 tries and no result. It seemed that the inspection skill needed to be used on new items to be able to level up once more.
The pathway came to an end and now the mud had turned into thick heavy leaves and short green plants. 
Students' pace had slowed down. Now with every step they took they had to be careful when putting their foot down. Several roots were hidden underneath the leaves and once in a while, a student would be caught in place.
"A beast!" A student cried. "A beast has me wrapped around the leg." The student's teammates who were nearby quickly jumped back and drew their weapons.
But after a while, the student calmed down and looked up at his friends. He was too embarrassed to say what had occurred.
"Sorry, false alarm, it was just a tree route." The student said, chuckling away nervously.
One of the students in his group slapped him on the back of the head and they moved forward. 
"This should be a good spot," Del said as he placed his large shield onto the floor.
They were now in an open area. There weren't as many trees and vines. It allowed them to see from all directions.  
"Students are to not travel more than two hundred meters from this spot. If you do, your scanner will notify you, indicating they will no longer work." Del explained. "For each new plant discovered you will receive 5 points, for each new beast discovery 20 points. Please remember this is not a hunting trial, there is no need for you to kill beasts.
"However, anything intermediate level and below you may try your best to go against them if you wish but any kills will not be awarded points. Still, you can keep the crystal for future use as well.
"Alright, your scanners are on!"
At the same time, each of the scanners made a ‘ding’ sound and the students rushed off in different directions. All apart from Quinn's group.
"Heh, what are you doing?" Cia complained, "Let's go, don't you want a good grade?"
Before it was always Erin, trying to get good grades but without her, it felt different. 
"Let's do this." Layla said."Let's get to the top for Erin."
Quinn liked that idea. He rushed off into a section of his own along with Peter and the rest.
They had split up a bit and when they found something interesting they would shout out to Peter to come over and scan the item.
"Over here!" Layla shouted as she spotted an odd plant that resembled an octopus.
Peter rushed over, even with his bag, his speed was great. He could see the plant using the scanner and now all he needed to do was press the red button on the scanner to start the process. 
Suddenly, he felt something crash into his side, pushing him down to the ground. 
"Pft too slow." The student said.
"That was on purpose!" Layla complained seeing that Peter was barged over.
The student then quickly took out his scanner and pressed the red button. After waiting a few moments a ‘ding’ sound was heard.
If the plant hadn't been scanned before and their team was successful in obtaining points, there would be a ‘ding, which sounds similar to cash being withdrawn.
If the item had already been scanned a big red x would appear on the scanner, with an error sound instead.
This meant that the plant the student had just scanned was a new discovery and they had obtained five points.
As Peter slowly got up from the ground he walked over to the student.
****