The student's teammates had gathered around the excited student to see what he was babbling on about. While a few others took a step back. Del was watching carefully with his hand placed just above his communicator, ready to call one of the sergeants at any time.
However, there were a few students who moved forward, these tended to be the stronger ones or those that enjoyed the battle aspect more. Even though they would no longer obtain any points from scanning the beast, they could still kill it and obtain the beast's crystal.
One of the students who was moving closer turned out to be Quinn. The system granted him a special bonus when he first killed a beast. Though, this beast has never been seen by humans before. 
Perhaps being the first person to kill such a beast would also grant him additional points.
The idea that perhaps the system would reward him even further than this, drove him to have a keen interest.
Still, he stood a few steps away from the results everyone was waiting for.
The team that had discovered the beast gathered around the scanner which displayed basic information about the beasts, and after reading one line they were excited. It was a basic tier beast.
Keeping this secret to themselves they immediately dashed forward. If it was an intermediate tier beast the group might have been a little cautious but a basic tier was easy pickings for a team of five.
Seeing the team of five, Quinn was upset about how hesitant he had been. But he couldn't act right now in front of these people. It wasn't worth it, but maybe there was something he could do.
The beast that the group was chasing looked like an ordinary boulder that was stuck in the ground. It was nearly impossible to tell the difference between the boulders that had been there covered in moss and a beast.
Even now as the students charged towards the thing, there was no reaction from the beast. It still looked like a boulder.
Seeing this an idea came to Quinn's mind. He ran aside the students who were captivated by what was happening and entered a different part of the forest.
"What's he doing?" Fex thought as he saw Quinn dart off to the side. Fex too decided to go off and keep an eye on what Quinn was trying to do.
"Come on guys, we can't waste time just watching this thing, let's carry on looking around," Vorden said.
The other groups felt the same way, while others decided to stay and watch what a beast would look like on the planet they were on.
The student’s hand who was leading the charge, turned into a brick-like substance, while the other students behind also drew their weapons and had their abilities readied.
The student at the front slammed his fist into the boulder, a loud impact was heard but there was no reaction.
The ones from behind had also decided to use their attacks on the strange boulder-like beast but the same had happened and it seemed like the shell was nearly impossible to break.
"Is this thing a beast?" the student asked. "I understand if it has a hard shell but then why isn't it doing anything when I attack it?"
Seeing that the so-called beast was doing nothing and not wanting to waste any more time, the students continued to scan around for other things.
However, there were some more students who tried hurting the beast hoping to get the crystal, but there was no such luck. They felt like if they took the time they perhaps could have figured out how to deal with the beast.
But to put in so much effort to only get a basic crystal in return, didn't make much sense to them.
While everyone else had now lost interest in the beast, Quinn had not. He went through the forest using his inspection skill on every boulder type thing he could see. Most of them were just that, regular boulders, but then he had finally achieved a result.
[Basic tier beast, Boulder snail]
[A beast that has an incredibly hard outer shell. The beast will only move in rain]
Quinn had traveled quite a distance away from the others, a little too much that he was now properly out of the zone. If he was to use his team's scanner it would register that he was out of the area Del had mentioned.
Right now, he was only focused on one thing, unaware that the others were unable to defeat the beast, Quinn thought he was under a time frame. He wanted to be the first person to kill the beast.
After hearing about the description, he had an idea. Quinn stopped just in front of the boulder and readied himself. He looked around him just in case, even though he was out of the area the students were supposed to be in, he was unsure if there might have been a stray.
"Doesn't look like anyone's around," Quinn said.
He was unaware that he was being watched by Fex. Using strings as he walked between trees in the air, he made his movements silently, and now he was carefully watching Quinn from above.
Quinn stomped his foot onto the ground, raised the energy inside him, and pulled back his arm as he let his other fist outward at the same time, he activated his skill Blood spray to create his still most powerful strike. Blood hammer.
If he couldn't damage the outside then he would go for an attack that hurt the inside. As his fist hit the shell, the powerful impact caused a loud bang.
It sounded like someone had shot off a bullet in the middle of the forest. The beast had a large crack in the boulder and black liquid was slowly dripping out from it.
"Was that the hammer strike!" Fex said as he watched in shock. "But I thought he was a complete beginner? No, he is a complete beginner."
The hammer strike was an advanced move that was only usually taught to students after they understood the basics of martial arts. But after teaching Quinn, Fex decided to not teach him anything else. Yet, here he had just witnessed Quinn perform a skill beyond the basic martial arts just like the flash step.
"So he really must have a teacher then, maybe they're the one that taught him the shadow ability as well? I need to find out more." Fex thought
[Basic beast has been killed]
[50 exp gained]
[First time killing Boulder snail]
[100 bonus Exp gained]
[You are the first person to kill a Boulder snail, 5000 bonus exp gained]
"Looks like I made it in time," Quinn said. After looking at the results of being the first person to kill such a beast, he was even happier with the decision he made.
Now the loud sound that erupted from the impact of the blood hammer on the beast's shell had echoed throughout the forest. Even the students who were two hundred meters or so could hear it, but they chose to ignore it since the sound was a distance away. It wasn't their concern.
But the sound had traveled a good distance. Within its chambers, a large figure dwelling deep inside a cave awoke. Bloodshot red eyes flared open as it made its move towards the sound.
****