"Guys we have to run!" Quinn said in a serious tone.
They didn't know why, but Quinn was shocked after seeing the beast. “Perhaps it was his vampire senses telling him this was a strong beast,” Vorden thought.
But it wasn't the case, Fex stood unaware of the danger in front of them. Some vampires were able to sense how dangerous a beast was, but Fex's senses still weren't at that level yet. So to him it just looked like any other beast, only this one was a little larger.
After finding out it was an advanced tier beast, Quinn didn't even think about the possibility of trying to defeat it because of its experience points. Last time, he almost died fighting against an intermediate beast.
There was no way for Quinn to tell how strong the intermediate beast he fought against was, some were stronger than others, but whenever there was a jump up in the level of beast tiers. There was a definite strength difference.
He didn't have the confidence to defeat it, and not while hiding his abilities. Even though Fex was by his side, who had supposedly killed ten advanced tier beasts. Fex had the same problem as Quinn, he too was unable to reveal himself in front of this many people.
However, if Fex honestly did know the level of the beast, even he would have been frightened. Fex like Quinn faced an intermediate beast and barely made it out alive. He wasn't strong enough to easily deal with one and not while hiding his powers.
The students were also frightened, mostly because of the size of the beast. It came out of the forest and stopped right in front of them and was now glaring at everyone. The beast was a little larger than a two-floor house. While its long neck stretched out causing a shadow to be cast over the students at the front.
Seeing the beast, Del nervously took the larger scanner from his side. His hands were shaking as he pointed it at the creature, and after a few seconds, his fears were confirmed. It was an advanced-level beast.
Del was never much of a fighter, and his ability also didn't support that fact. Immediately, he started tapping his wristwatch. Sending out a distress signal. He was unaware of how many times he had pressed the button.
Del just wanted one of the sergeants to appear in front of them now.
Out of all the students, Quinn was the first to take a step away, trying to get a head start on the other students, but the sound of his steps caused the leaves to ruffle, and the creature's head turned and immediately looked at Quinn.
"Maybe moving isn't a good idea," Layla said.
"Yeah, while it's not being aggressive, let's not do anything," Quinn replied.
Del had felt the same way, which was why he hadn't shouted at the students to run away or retreat. The sudden movements could frighten the beasts. Most beasts were hostile towards humans, but the higher tiers seemed to have more intelligence, and some would leave humans alone.
Although, that didn't stop the humans from hunting them for their crystals.
Del was hoping that the students at least knew this basic knowledge, and wouldn't try attacking the beast, giving them all the best chance for survival.
The bud on the beast's back slowly started to open up, revealing a pink center. Out of the pink center, six vines rose in the air before dropping down and falling to the beast's side.
The vines seemed to be alive and being controlled by the beast. Although the beast wasn't moving, the vines were stretching out from the buds as if there was no end in sight.
One of the vines had reached the student closest to the beast. The end of the vine was slightly larger, and looked similar to the head of the beast itself but was still green in color. Right now, the head of the vine was floating directly about in front of the student.
His heart was beating loudly, and he now had his eyes closed, hoping that if he couldn't see the beast, it would somehow calm down his nerves.
After waiting a while, nothing happened. The student eventually opened his eyes, at that moment, the head of the vine opened up and attached itself to the student.
Using both hands, he grabbed onto the vine and tried to pull as hard as he could, but it was no use. The suction and sticky-ness of the vine were too strong, and he couldn't break free.
The vine lifted the student high into the air and towards the beast's mouth. As it opened up its mouth, several sharp teeth could be seen, and the beats took a bite that caused nearly half of the student's body to disappear.
"Everyone run! It's a hostile advanced tier beast!" Del shouted as he ran into a random part of the forest.
Most of the students decided to follow where Del had gone. It was an instinct for students when in time of need to rely on adults. Especially since Del was their teacher and was meant to be there for their guidance.
The beast continued to use its vines to grab the students closest and as they screamed in pain and cried out for their teacher's help. Del closed his eyes and tried to ignore them.
"If I go back and try to save them now, we could all die. This is the right thing to do," he told himself.
The students who had gotten a head start had managed to create a distance between them and the beast. The beast still hadn't moved and was busy eating the students, it caught.
However, while Del was running blindly through the forest, he was aware of a great problem. The distress signal sent from the watch was only a signal sent to the sergeants.
As stated before, the GPS tracker and other features of the watch didn't work well or not at all on other planets. Even the scanner could only work with the technology of the master scanner that Del held.
The system was designed in a way, that when a signal was sent, the sergeants could tell which team was signaling them. They would then head over in that direction. If Leo or Fay was to head there now, they would have no clue where del or the other students had gone.
But right now they had no choice. Suddenly, the loud sound of the footsteps could be heard coming in their direction once again. The beast was on the move and had finished its snack.
Quinn's group was quite fast and was just behind Del. Peter had picked up Layla and held her in his hands while surprisingly, Cia was able to keep up with them.
Fex and Quinn were not traveling at full speed as they made sure to stay behind Del. Unaware that Del had no plan.
The students at the back could hear the booming footsteps getting louder and louder. In the end, the temptation got the better of them. They turned around and were caught by one of the vines.
Some of the students were a bit smarter in their movements and would travel in between trees, making it harder for the beast to catch them. Still, it did nothing to slow down the main beast's body as it would continue to bulldoze its way through the trees.
When Del wad made it past another tree, they had finally come out to an open area. A small vertical wall with vines on could be seen. Most likely the side of a mountain. Del thought about attempting to climb it but would take some time for them to scale, and the beast would catch up to them by then.
The open area was quite large, to the left and right there were two paths, but they were slightly slanted going uphill and Del didn't like their chances of outrunning the beast.
"We have no choice, we have to turn and fight!" Del shouted.
The forty or so students knew the seriousness of the situation. They turned around facing the forest which they had just exited from and prepared their weapons and abilities.
A few moments later and the beast came crashing through, with trees flying off to the side.
"If we want to live, I might have to fight with everything I've got," Quinn said.
****