Thanks to Cia's spear. The beast had slowed down just enough for Quinn to move out of the way, avoiding the vine whip. Fex and Peter had also now resorted to dodging after they found out the incredible growth speed of the vines.
However, the fact that the beast was slowed down didn't go unnoticed. A second spear was thrown and had landed in the same spot on the beast's legs. The effect of two spears had stacked and now the beast was 20 percent slower than it usually would have been, and also twenty percent weaker.
The students took advantage of this temporary weakness. Their attacks which were bouncing off the beast are now damaging it, and the vines that were troubling slowed down.
Still, the beast was strong and even at 80 percent of its strength, it was able to fend off the attacks from forty different students.
Cia threw her spirit spears at the beast. At most though, she was only able to stack up two spears. Whenever she would throw a third spear into the beast the first one would have already lasted for five seconds and disappear.
Her ability was perfect for situations like this. The beast was a big target and other than its vines, its main body wasn't too fast unless it was running in a straight line.
If she was to go up against other beasts, even some intermediate beats, it might have been harder for her to use her ability, but right now, she was one of the most important people when it came to taking down this creature.
"If only we could make it even weaker," Del said.
At that moment, a blonde stood by Cia's side, and in his hand, he too had a spirit spear.
"Looks like you have quite a good ability there," Vorden said as he threw the spear into the beast's leg.
With Vorden and Cia using their spirit spears, the beast now had lost 40 percent of its overall strength. It was nearly half of what it used to be.
The students were now doing even better than before, and even the ones whose weapons had been reinforced by Del were working.
Quinn no longer felt the need for him or Fex to get involved when fighting the beast. The students that had been brought back by Quinn were getting treatment from the support students.
Now that the beast's movements had slowed, they had joined the battle and went to support their teammates using buffs and other skills. The only one that remained in position with a smile on his face was Del. "This is brilliant, it looks like these students might be able to take down and advance beast after all. I might even get a promotion for this!" Del thought excitedly.
Looking at him, Quinn felt like he could read his teacher like an open book. Especially after their earlier interaction. He got the sense that Del was quite a selfish person and he was right. Even now, although the situation had gotten better it wasn't perfect.
Students still ended up dying, but all Del could think about was himself.
After a good fifteen minutes of constant attacks from most of the students, other than Quinn, Fex decided to lay low. Even Peter and Layla were actively helping.
The beast now looked heavily injured. It lifted its front two feet into the air and slammed them onto the ground. The mass weight of the beast caused the ground to shake around the students a little. It also served as a reminder to the other student that this beast was still mighty strong.
The beast repeatedly did this action as it roared and screamed, at the same time, the vines that were coming off from the bud on its back swung more widely.
"What is this, have the spears warned off or something?" A student said.
But looking at the beast, the spears from Vorden and Cia remained. They continued to attack the beast. Although at this point, Cia was feeling incredibly drained along with Vorden. They had been using their abilities nonstop and didn't know how much longer they could last.
The beast used its long head and looked back into the forest. The next moment, it started running back from where it came from. The students who stood behind the beast rolled and dived out of the way, in fear of getting trampled on.
"Should we chase it, if it's running away doesn't that mean it's nearly dead?" A student asked.
Quinn also had the same thought. If the beast was injured and the others weren't going to chase it. Then maybe he could. Killing an advanced beast would gain him an enormous amount of exp points.
"Nobody should chase the beast!" Del shouted. "Some advanced type beasts and above have something called a berserker mode.  Once injured to a certain point, if the beast feels like it's stuck in a corner. It will activate its berserker mode, sometimes increasing its strength several times."
After hearing Del's explanation, Quinn had second thoughts about chasing the beast. He was reminded of the beast’s strength before the debuff from Vorden and Cia. On top of that, forty students were fighting it at once.
If a single person was given the task to deal with the advanced beast, Quinn couldn't imagine anyone coping. All of the vines would be free to attack you along with the main body of the beast.
Even if it didn't have a berserker mode, Quinn didn't like his chances of beating the beast alone. He would have to let go of this one. 
When the beast dashed towards the forest, and a minute had passed without it returning. They knew that they had achieved a victory.
Cheers and congratulations were shouted out between friends and classmates. They had managed to survive such an intense ordeal.
Many of the students had gone up to those who had put themselves on the front line. Congratulating them for being brave and attacking the beast from the beginning. This included Del who had come over.
It was no surprise, Quinn after all had contributed nothing to chase away. The other students deserved the praise.
But then. A female with light pink hair stepped in front of Quinn and bowed down to him. As she lifted her head her eyes were filled with tears.
"Thank you… so much for saving my friend." The pink-haired girl said. After that, she hurried off to join her teammates.
The thanks should have made Quinn feel good but it didn't. It had made Quinn feel bad instead.
Originally, he had only gone out there not to save the students, but because he saw it as an opportunity to take their blood. Just like Del, his reactions were because of selfish reasons not because he was trying to be a hero.
He didn't deserve the praise.
When the students had all settled down, they decided to have a minute of silence, out of respect for the students that had been lost. But they couldn't spend much time because they were in a serious situation right now.
The beast had chased the group quite a distance away from their original location. Not only that but Del had no clue where they were or how to get back. While running away he had headed in a random direction and didn’t take a note.
There were no maps for the planet since the place was still undiscovered.
"What do we do now?" A student asked Del.
Leo had arrived at the camp where the distress signal had come from. Before arriving here, he had dealt with two more incidents from other camps. It was clear that this planet was quite active with beasts.
Still, it was too early to tell, whether it was worthy of the decision to make it a red portal planet. If there was only a few advanced tier beast and they got rid of them, then they could give the planet a green grade.
For the first time though after arriving at the location of a distress call. There were no students around. Leo started to hunt around for clues when the sounds of large heavy footsteps could be heard heading in his direction.
"Now what do we have here?"  Leo said.
****