As the short-haired boy entered the room, not only did Peter recognize him but it seemed like Cia did too. For some reason at the sight of the boy, Peter's grip around Cia's neck had loosened.
At this moment she took the opportunity and tried to knock Peter's hand away using her full force slamming it against Peter's forearm, but in doing so she realized it had the same effect as moving a rock that weighed a ton. There seemed to be no effect or movement.
"I think it will be best if you put her down Pio, annoying as she may be it might cause us more problems in the future," Logan said as he took a final bite of his sandwich. "Hmm… that was the last one."
At that moment, Logan didn't look like his regular self. Apart from his head that was on display, he had his full body suit on from the neck down. He had no idea what he would meet down there, hence he was always prepared for the worst.
Still, Logan was quite popular around the school even if he didn't know it himself. The few appearances he made on the last outing and during the school's events every once in a while had caught the attention of other students, including Cia.
Although Cia was wondering about the connection between Logan and Pio, right now she just wanted to get away from Pio. Using her ability she stabbed a spear into Peter's belly. Not just one but three. Due to how close she was to him, she was able to stick in multiple spears one after the other.
When the first one entered Peter's body, his movements slowed down, allowing her to put in two more. Once again, using all her force she tried to whack Peter's hand away. Still, it felt like she was pounding her hand against solid rock, but this time with the help of her ability to weaken Peter. Her attack was a success. She finally managed to knock his hand away and broke free.
Not knowing where to run to, she decided to head into one of the many tunnels. If another student had arrived and had no relation to the person named Pio. Then maybe she would have bolted towards Logan, but seeing that the two of them had some type of a relationship she didn't want to risk it.
The cave was dark and it was hard for her to see, but each of the tunnels gave off a little reflection of light. 
There was always the chance that the small amount of light could be radiating from a beast, or it could be a raw crystal. Because of this, as Cia ran she also had to be careful about her footing. Not being able to see where or what she was taking steps into. It was a cave and they were deep underground. With the floors being uneven and traveling in the dark, Cia was being naturally cautious.
"This is a pain, I wish I bought some type of light with me or something!" Cia complained. The group did have emergency equipment and rations such as torches and so on, but they were all with Peter.
Taking another step forward, her foot seemed to be lodged between something. She quickly managed to pull it but it had greatly slowed her down.
"This is such a pain in the arse, whatever I have to deal with, he will too." Cia thought.
"Why did you run?" Logan said. "3...2….1." As logan finished counting down, peter was already in front of Cia. Somehow the difficult pathway that she had taken was easily navigated by him.
There was no torch in his hand, no light source. So how did Peter manage to catch up with her so fast?
Peter, decided to wait until the spirit spears had disappeared before chasing Cia. Not only that but just like Quinn. Peter also had the advantage of seeing in the dark. For him, it was as if the cave was lit up so he had no problem deciding on the quickest path to take, when he found her he heard Logan Shouting "Pio!"
When Peter turned around he could see Logan holding his hand out. But there was a round and strange bright green light getting larger with every second on his hand. It was Logan's hand blaster and Peter had seen what it could do before when it was fired against Fex. Someone stronger than both him and Quinn.
Perhaps, even his regeneration abilities wouldn't be able to keep up with this.
"You stop running, will you?" Logan complained while looking at Cia.
While the blaster was held against Peter he decided to let the thing go. He wasn't stupid and could always find a way to get to Cia later.
"What are you doing down here?" Peter asked.
At this point, Cia was unsure of what to do, the entrance to another tunnel wasn't too far away, but it seemed like Logan was able to control Peter just like Quinn. She still didn't understand how Peter managed to catch up to her so fast, so her only option was to stay by Logan's side.
She scuttled along until she was behind Logan. Logan then tapped something on the side of his suit, which brightened up the area around him with green lights. The pieces on Logan's equipment were illuminating a small 5-meter radius around them.
"I adjusted the scanner the school gave us to increase its radius. I had to power it with my beast crystals. I don't get any points for doing that but to me, it was well worth it." Said Logan. "That's when I discovered that there seemed to be strange tunnels underground but they didn't quite look natural so I decided to investigate. I never thought anyone else would be down here. So it was a nice surprise to see you."
"Do you know the way out?" Cia asked. Realizing from what Logan said, he should have a wide area mapped out using his scanner.
"No," Logan replied. Although this was a lie. If he had told the truth he knew they would ask to lead him out of here, but Logan had discovered something on his scanner that he had to check out before leaving.
Somewhere inside the large cave Fex and Quinn had decided to walk down one of the tunnels. While inside the tunnel the connection between Peter seemed to be lost. It had happened ever since he went underground.
Quinn thought that it might have something to do with the distance between the two at the moment, as he didn't know that Peter and the others were underground as well.
Thinking that help would never arrive, they decided to just leave it up to fate and pick the tunnel with the biggest entrance. As they walked down the tunnel, they noticed that the walls were surrounded by thin blue crystals that gave off a slight glow to them. Not enough to light up the whole area, but one could follow the small light source quite easily.
"What are these?" Quinn asked, looking at the small crystals. They resemble something similar to beast crystals, but Quinn thought the only way to obtain beast crystals was by killing a beast.
"I don't know," Fex replied. "I was going to ask you the same thing."
The curiosity had gotten the better of him and Quinn decided to place his hand on top of the crystal. At first, he was planning to use his inspection skill but there was no need since the system had automatically given him a message.
[Basic tier crystal]
[Would you like to store it in your system?]
The shock from the message was quite immense. At school, they had been taught that the beast crystals could only be obtained from beasts. This was why the human race had been sending hunting parties to slay the beasts. Even though there was the chance of death.
Some crystals could be used to create powerful weapons, even more, powerful than their modern equipment.
But right here, crystals were hanging freely on the wall around him, and it wasn't just one crystal. There seemed to be hundreds of crystals, through the tunnel they had just walked. If Quinn was to think about all the other tunnels as well, there would be at least a thousand down here.
With Fex keeping an eye over his back, Quinn was unable to store it in his system however he did pull the crystal out and placed it in his trouser pocket for later.
"It might be something important," Quinn said.
Fex just shrugged his shoulders uninterested in the small crystal and carried on walking ahead. Finally, they reached the end of the tunnel.
After exiting the tunnel, the small discovery Quinn had made was nothing compared to this. 
*****