The two boys froze for a moment once they exited the tunnel. Looking at what lay in front of their eyes, they paused for a moment. Somehow it didn't feel like they were underground.
"Hey, can you see what I'm seeing right now, man?" Fex asked.
"If you're talking about those buildings right in front of us, then, of course, I can," Quinn replied
Exiting the tunnel, it seemed like they'd arrived at what looked like a type of town. They couldn't measure how large the entire place was. Buildings stretched out far and wide and it was comparably as large as any one of the shelters they've seen before.
If they were to give a rough estimate, it looked like a few thousand people could live in such an establishment.
The ceiling seemed to be unreachable. Although they could see the peak, it felt like there was no way to reach it. Their gaze moved on towards the tallest building that stood in the center of the place. It was a round tower-like structure that was tall and high, but it hardly touched the ceiling. If one wished to even touch the ceiling, they would have to build a similar size building and place it on top of the already existing tower.
Although a town, underneath a mountain, was surprising to them, it didn't seem impossible. There were rumors of such shelters being built on other planets where the temperatures could reach extreme levels at different times of the year, underground shelters were the only answer to such uninhabitable places.
And so the reason why both of them were shocked was for a different reason entirely. The two of them could already observe that the design and materials used to create the buildings were different. One of the main features was the solid black material, it was made from. Instead of brick, cement, or metal, it was a different kind, a special black substance that was more stable and stronger as the primary material of all the buildings.
The substance was said to be just as strong as galthrium. Although the place looked abandoned and was void of people, the buildings were a different matter. The structures looked perfectly fine and hadn't deteriorated a single bit. The only semblance of the passage of time of abandonment was a layer of dust or rock-like substance from the ceiling that coated the top of everything.
And finally the design. Although the substance was strong, it wasn't as flexible and nimble as galthrium. This meant that the edges weren't smoothed out, giving a slight rocky look.
After looking at the buildings, both of them concluded, that the structures built in front of them were not made by humans. This was the reason why both of them were in shock.
"They're Dalki structures," Quinn muttered.
This was a huge discovery. The humans had only built a shelter and classified the place as an orange portal because they thought that they had discovered the planet first. There were rare cases like this when the two opponents were trying to take control of a planet at the same time.
If the two groups were to meet, regardless if there was a treaty signed or not, a fight would break out until one side was annihilated.
As Fex heard these words come out of Quinn's mouth though, there was confusion on his face.
"Er, what are you on about?" Fex replied. "These aren't Dalki structures. They are vampire structures."
Hearing these words equally shocked Quinn. He was almost positive these were Dalki structures. He had seen them in his lessons and on the news time and time again.
"The boy is right." the system replied. "These resemble the structures that were built in my time."
The system didn't answer any of the questions Quinn had right now and only confused him even more.
"Fex, have you ever seen Dalki structures?" Quinn asked. There was one possibility Quinn thought. Perhaps the two structures were similar and Quinn himself was being confused. Maybe there was something that he couldn't spot.
"Actually no, I'll be honest, maybe you know more about the Dalki because you live on earth but we weren’t taught about them. I've never seen a Dalki either, only heard them being mentioned from time to time by one of the elders."
From Fex's answer, there seemed to be a couple of possibilities. The fact that the Dalki and vampires use the same material, perhaps their technologies are on par with each other and it would make sense why their structures looked similar.
The strange black substance, that humans were never able to figure out how to use properly, so they stuck using Glathreium over it.
The other possibility was somehow the Dalki and vampires were linked together, but this seemed even more farfetched, especially since Fex didn't even really know what a Dalki was.
"Well, do you know why the vampire and Dalki structures look so similar?" Quinn asked, hoping to find an answer. "Also, if it is a vampire structure why did they build one here underground?"
"They do? Well, that's strange. I'll be honest I'm not the best person to ask. When it comes to vampires I'm young. I'm sure the elders or others will know the answer to your question or maybe even a better student, I never paid attention in class." Fex said laughing nervously.
"For your second question, I don't know either, it looks like this place has been here for a while, maybe it was one of the planets the vampires used before, moving to another. It would make sense why it was built underground in the first place as well."
"What about you, system, did the Dalki exist during your time?" Quinn asked in his head.
"The Dalki did not exist while I was still active." the system replied.
Quinn made a small note in his head about how the system replied. It seemed the choice of words it had used was oddly specific but he knew if he pressed further, the system would just give his usual resistance.
"There is one thing we can do?" Quinn said. "Why don't we check out some of the buildings, maybe there will be something inside which will tell us if it was the Dalki's who made this or the Vampires. I'm especially interested to see what they would have in that tower structure."
"Hey, it looks like you read my mind," Fex replied with a chuckle.
The two of them walked through the strange building structures, and the more they started to walk the more it looked like a town. There were streets with buildings lined up on both sides. If you followed the streets far enough, it would eventually lead them to one of the tunnels they had come through.
Looking at the walls, it looked like several tunnels lead to the town.
The two of them had entered some of the first few houses, but they seemed to be void of any items whatsoever. There weren't even beds inside, but it was clear that they were normal family structures.
As Quinn entered the place he could imagine a family living here, with all the different rooms, but while looking at the place he just wondered what happened here.
They entered a few more buildings on their way, but they couldn’t find anything. Eventually, they decided to no longer enter the small buildings, as it seemed to be a waste of time. If they were going to find anything, it would be in the tower structure near the middle.
For the first time, as they got closer to the tower, it looked like some of the buildings had been destroyed. As if they had taken part in a battle. The top had crumbled to the ground and some structures no longer existed.
Seeing this worried Fex a little. He knew how tough the material was and if something was able to destroy that, they needed to have some level of strength.
They continued to walk down the street. They still had some distance to cover, but the tower could be seen directly in front of them.
Just then, they heard a sound of growling from the sides.
"Where is that sound coming from?" Quinn said.
They could both hear the growling clearly, but it seemed like they were several of them and if he was right they were currently surrounded.
"I guess it's time to call on some extra help." Fex touched his ear and pulled on his dangling earring. Suddenly in the palm of his hand, the earring started to glow until eventually, it started to change its shape, forming what looked like a cross between a bull and bat.
"Ham here at your service!" the bull said excitedly as it flew in a circle.
*****