Without thinking about it, Peter and Cia followed Logan around, while they were inside the cavern. It felt normal to be led by him. Cia didn't know why, maybe it was the tone of his voice that shined with confidence, or perhaps because he was the only light source that she could depend on. In a way, he was her savior in more ways than the one while down here.
She also still had the fear that if she left Logan's side, Pio might lash out at her any second now. She hadn't done much, but there had been several instances where she had angered him. At first, she didn't think it would be a big deal. Even though her ability was a support type, she was able to handle her own, many times against those around a similar level to her but something about Pio frightened her.
With all this going on, she is now even too afraid to ask for the torches that were placed in Pio's bag. She thought once he brought them out for himself she could ask, but he never did.
Logan continued to walk confidently, leading the way, he knew exactly where he wanted to go as he picked one of the tunnels without checking the others. When the scanner stopped working while he was coming down here, he used his trusty memory hence, he is familiar with his destination now. 
It wasn't a hard decision for him anyway. All the tunnels on one side would lead to other rooms like this one, while all the other tunnels lead to the same place.
He wore the suit, and he even had it protecting his head, while walking through the tunnel.
While traveling, their group also discovered the same type of blue crystals embedded into the wall. Naturally, Logan decided to take one for research but he already had an idea of what it was just by looking at it.
Peter didn't care for it, and Cia, although interested, had a lot more concerns on her mind right now.
After exiting the tunnel, they too could see the magnificent sight of the strange town and although it came as a surprise to the other two, Logan had already expected this. It was exactly what had come up, on the scanner. Before even thinking about going up and getting out of here, he needed to visit this place. How could he pass the opportunity to do some research on some Dalki architecture?
The blue crystal seemed to be randomly scattered through the city. Lighting up certain building and wall areas. It wasn't enough to be called a light source but allowed Cia to see the outline of a few buildings.
The one visible place was the tower that stood in the center. Like a beaming torch in the middle. It had the most amount of crystal on the very top illuminating it in the dark.
"No, no, no doesn't this mean the Dalki were here before us?" Cia looked like she was about to collapse onto the floor. "We need help, we need to call the sergeants somehow, this looks like a whole town. What if this is an army base!!"
"Relax," Logan replied. "Although my scanner doesn't work down here, when I checked from above, there didn't seem to be any type of civilization living here. Although there were other things."
Cia wanted to question what Logan meant by other things, but she already knew the answer and thought it would just be foolish. He was talking about beasts.
Without saying anything to the others, Logan started to walk down the path onto the street. Peter also decided to follow without saying anything. The two of them walked in the middle of the street fearlessly.
While looking at their backs, Cia couldn't help but think they were crazy. However, as Logan walked away so did the light source that was surrounding her. The darkness around started to creep in, it felt suffocating and she couldn't help but think something was watching her.
*Grrrrr...
'What was that!' Cia thought as she quickly turned her head towards the noise. Although she couldn't see anything, the sound of something scurrying off in a certain direction could be heard.
She couldn't take it anymore and run towards Logan.
After checking a few buildings, Logan concluded that there was nothing of worth from the buildings around him. However, while using his scanner from above he could see all the building structures and things around it, but he was unable to see what was inside the tower.
This, of course, made Logan even more curious. As they got closer to the tower Logan transformed his robotic arms into two round blasters.
"What was that? Did you see something?" Cia asked.
"While scanning this area earlier I found that the beasts seemed to be concatenated around the tower. Strange right? Low-level beasts don't usually have a form of high intelligence, they hunt sleep, and eat. Sometimes they do this in packs and might have a type of territory, but this seems oddly specific.
In a place as large as this, and with many beasts, usually, they would be several territories and maybe several packs. So why are they all centered around the tower? As if they were guarding it, or gathering around it for some reason."
Cia had disregarded most of what Logan had said, the only thing she had heard was they were heading to an area where beasts lived and she was wondering if she had made the right decision to follow the two in the first place.
As they continued to walk down the street, suddenly, Peter ran straight off to the side, into one of the buildings. This sudden movement surprised Logan since he was yet to see anything. 
He had gone into the darkness and the others were unable to see him. Logan did have night vision equipment built into his helmet to help him see, but it was grainy and didn't allow him to see far ahead.
A few moments later and Peter returned holding what looked like a dog in his hand. Black blood splattered over him and the dog was carried lifeless.
"They've been following us," Peter said. "And more are coming.'
It didn't take long after Peter's warning, because Logan and even Cia could now see several dogs in view.
Without hesitation, both Logan and Cia started to attack the dogs. She threw out spears, slowing the ones jumping towards her and leaping out of the way. While Logan was able to fire out beams of energy that knocked the dogs away finishing them in one blast.
Logan's blasters were effective when it came to basic tier beasts, but things at a much higher level or the Dalki would pretty much be non effective.. The suit itself was made from beast gear mixed in with technological parts. His blasters and the energy coming out from them were not made from beast gear.
It had the same effect as explosions of the past. The problem was the Dalki and higher tier beasts had a resistance to this. Seeing that they were lower-tiered beasts, Logan didn't hold back blasting his beams of energy at every one of them.
Soon they realized, there wasn't much for Peter and Cia to do. Peter had managed to defeat a couple more, but Logan would blast most of them away before they even got close.
Eventually, the beasts stopped leaping through the air, and Logan stopped using his blasters. There was a limited supply of energy and if they stopped attacking then Logan would do the same.
However, something strange occurred. They had managed to kill around thirty different dogs in total. Both Peter and Logan could see, there were still plenty around them. Still, they didn't run away but stood there at the edge of the street next to the buildings, growling.
"Why aren't they attacking?" Cia asked.
"That is something I would like to know the answer to as well," Logan replied.
On closer inspection, it seemed like the dogs were no longer looking at them, instead, they were facing the street, looking out towards the tower in front of them.
"They are shaking," Peter said. "The beasts, I can tell they're scared."
From the street, the sounds of footsteps could be heard. Whatever was coming towards them was frightening the beasts even more. Because with each footstep, it looked like the beasts were pulling back slightly.
Even Logan, a level 8 user who was defeating each of the beasts in one go didn't have the same effect.
Finally, the figure was starting to come into view. From out of the shadow a dark outline could be seen, It had a human outline shape but it was still hard to make out. Still, Logan was sure of one thing, it was clear it wasn't human... it was a beast.
For the first time during the trip, Logan started to sweat heavily in his suit. If a beast had a humanoid figure it meant one thing. The opponent they were about to face, was at least at the king tier.
*****