The blade had been stopped, if it had moved any further, it would have pierced her skull almost showing no resistance. Cia once again could live to see what would happen in the next few moments, still unsure if she would live past today. However, what she was surprised about was who exactly had come to save her.
From the corner of her eye, she could see a black hair boy, pulling and twitching off to the side.
"What was his name again, Fex?' Cia thought. "Wasn't he a level one?" But she didn't stay long to find out. While the beast was stuck in a place she quickly ran off to where Layla and Logan were standing.
As the beast saw its bladed arm being wrapped around by the strange shadow substance, while also being pulled by the strings. It wondered which one was affecting it more.
For some reason, even though it was using all its strength it was unable to move its arm forward to kill its target. It was something it had never experienced before.
A whisper was suddenly heard in Peter's ear.
"Go join the others," Quinn said. "You've fought enough and if you get hurt again, who knows if you will survive."
Peter looked to his side and saw Quinn standing there. He had already equipped all of his beast gear equipment, before coming over ready for a battle. Still, even he and Fex were unprepared for what they were facing.
There was no joy on his face, it was dead serious and Quinn was fully concentrating.
"If you are in trouble, I won't hesitate to sacrifice myself," Peter said as he walked off to where the others were. Before leaving Peter turned once again. "Quinn, it's strong."
Looking at the beast, still curious about its movements Quinn replied.
"I know."
[New Quest received]
[Defeat the king of the underground city]
[King tier beast: Likmorn]
[ The town has been left behind, and in its empty place, the beasts began to take over. Amongst the many, eventually, a single creature took over, calming the seat and title of the king... The others do his bidding as he protects the treasure located in the tower.]
[Quest reward ????]
Peter didn't need to say anything, as soon as Quinn saw the strange beast, the system had immediately activated a quest for him. It had been a while since the system automatically gave him a task.
Usually, it would appear when he faced a strong opponent of some sort. This also happened when he faced Leo. He found it strange that nothing had come up for the advanced tier beast.
But it was probably because the system didn't deem it as special enough for the planet they were on. What interested Quinn about this strange quest, was for the first time, it seemed to inform a little bit about how the creature came to be.
'Is it because of the area we are in? Maybe it is related to the vampires and not the Dalki after all.'
The information also revealed that it had been acting as a guard for the tower. If such a strong beast was guarding it and had stayed underground, Quinn couldn't even begin to imagine what it was trying to protect.
Lastly, the quest reward for defeating the beast. Even when going against Leo there was a clear quest reward and an instant level up. For some reason though, this one was hidden. He didn't know why, but the fact that it was hidden only got him curious.
The real problem was though, could they beat it? A king-tier beast. He started to think back about all the students going up against the advance tier beats, and even with fifty of them they were unable to kill such a thing.
The ones that were left to fight were Fex, Vorden, himself, and Logan. But it seemed like Logan was still busy with something else. Cia was out of it, and would no longer be of any use.
The difference between this fight and the one earlier was that Fex and Quinn were willing to display their full powers. Cia could always be hypnotized for later and even if she couldn't. All their lives were more important than one.
The beast was no longer curious about the strange shadow and strings, and pulled its arm back out of the shadow. Seeing this, Quinn quickly returned it to himself. There was one great advantage to them being underground.
Quinn's shadow powers were stronger. Even with the artificial light source from Logan. Just being in a darker environment increased the distance of his shadows. It was only because of this, that he was able to use it a distance away from himself.
As the beast moved its hand, Fex for the first time felt its enormous strength.
"What! He wasn't this strong before, was he?" Fex said, as his hands started to ache holding onto the strings. "Does this mean, Quinn's shadow was doing most of the work?"
He could no longer hold on and it was just the waist. It seemed like the beast was moving just fine with or without his strings.
"I need to help them," Vorden said.
Vorden was now standing by the others' side, the five of them went to hide behind a building, out of the street and out of the way of what was about to go down.
[70 percent of energy weapon has been created]
Whatever Logan was doing, it looked like it still wasn't ready yet and he couldn't join the fight.
"Logan, do you mind if I touch you?" Vorden asked.
"Even if you copy my ability. It's not like others." Logan explained. "You won't be able to get a clear grasp and the ability itself is pretty useless honestly. It was only because I was able to implement it with my brain, that I was able to come up with a use. Not saying you don't have brains of course but you understand..."
"Logan, stop rambling and trust me."
Noticing that Vorden was trustworthy, and had come with ideas so far, Logan decided to put a bit of faith in him. Part of the suit that was covering the arm shifted upward, as the suit broke down into hundreds of little spiders.
And they did a handshake.
With that, Vorden started to move. He didn't go onto the street like the others thought he would, instead he went through the buildings down the side looking for the perfect spot.
His aim was never to use Logan's ability, but only the MC cells that came with it. He had already used a large amount, throwing out spears constantly. Still, with Logan's level 8 ability, he had to have a large amount, not only that but if he could get Raten or Sil to fight. They would be able to combine the other abilities. Making a spirit spear above a level 8 ability. The level fours didn't do much, but surely this would have an effect.
The only problem was, that the beast was now cautious against the spears, so Vorden wanted to get in the perfect location, waiting for the right time. Sometimes, when the ability level was higher, it would also consume more MC points with each use of the ability.
There was no time for testing and no second chances against a foe like this.
"This is crazy!" Cia shouted. "Why are the two-level ones, the weakest in our team out there fighting. Are they idiots, are they trying to get themselves killed?" She yelled.
Suddenly, a hand came towards her face and the right side of her cheek stung. When she looked at the person who had slapped her, she could see Layla was the one who had done it.
"It's because of those idiots that you're even alive!" Layla shouted.
"Layla....what do you mean?" Cia asked, holding her face.
As Cia looked closely, she could see a dark purple shadow emitting from Quinn's back.
"Those two, level ones, are the strongest level ones you will ever see."
****