The fight continued between the Bloodsucker and the king-tier beast. At first, when the two of them fought it looked fairly even between them. Neither one of them was getting significantly hurt by the other. This was good for Fex.
When a vampire turns into a Bloodsucker, their health, or in Quinn's case Hp, decreases. Their wounds would also no longer heal. It was a starved state for vampires. A mode that allowed them to grow stronger to consume blood. But also acted as a double-edged sword.
However, slowly one of them was starting to get an edge and it looked like it was the Bloodsucker. Quinn was starting to notice that the power and the speed of the king-tier beast were finally starting to slow down.
The beast had been in combat with multiple opponents and multiple times, so it made sense to Quinn, but this wasn't the reason why. It had an inhuman amount of stamina and could continue to fight the students for hours on end.
The reason why it was starting to slow down and weaken was because of its rage mode. Simply put, the crystal inside was drawing out more power than it could generate and now the beast was slowly dying.
Not understanding what was happening, Quinn felt like this was his chance to attack. Whatever happened he needed to get that last hit. He had used most of his MC points during the fight and right now the only skill he could use was the shadow cloak. Which he used, to hide his presence.
Quinn planned to inch closer and closer and try to get behind the king-tier beast. While it was distracted fighting, Quinn would prepare the blood hammer and perform a flash step dashing him forward just before delivering the punch.
Trying to implement his strategy, he slowly started to creep towards the fight. On the street, Quinn and the others were stationed on the side of Fex, while the beast was on the other side which led towards the tower.
The fight was still hectic, and the two would span the whole width of the street. The king-tier beast threw one of its arms out and the Bloodsucker managed to grab it. Using its increased strength it yanked the arm as hard as it could, ripping it from the beast's shoulder.
Black blood once again squirted out from the wound. Quinn had seen this before when Logan had done the same thing, soon the beast would heal, but this was Quinn's chance.
Running forward and around the two, he wanted to get behind the fight. As he took a step to the side, suddenly, a large claw-like fist came out towards him.
The fist was briefly stopped by the shadow, and when he looked at where it had come from it was from the Bloodsucker.
'It could sense where I was even with the shadow cloak on?' Quinn thought. 'Luckily, I already thought that something like this might happen and prepared my shadow just in case.'
Quinn quickly stepped back and went to his position before. It looked like Fex really could no longer differentiate between friend and foe.
Now, there was another problem on Quinn's hands. The attack from the Bloodsucker, although it was blocked by the shadow, would be the last one. For now, Quinn's Mc points had reached zero.
[0/100 Mc]
He couldn't complain though. Due to being underground, he was able to use the shadow more often than he usually could. It seemed like his powers and the amount of Mc points taken to use the skills had lessened while down here.
Yes, he could no longer use his shadow cloak, but against these two, there was no point using it anyway. They both could sense his presence with or without the shadow cloak.
The only thing was, now the others could see him as well. When Quinn had disappeared, they thought he perhaps had left the scene. They never imagined he was still close to the fight.
"Quinn, what are you doing, leave it to the two monsters," Vorden said from above.
"Does your friend have some type of pride or something?" Cia said. "The only reason I can think of him staying is that he wants to be the one to kill the beast."
Layla agreed with Cia for once, she didn't know the reason why Quinn had chosen to stay. Was he worried about Fex? Or was it something else?
The beast had done the same, as last time after its arm had been ripped out. It wanted to take a few steps back and start to recover but the Bloodsucker wasn't going to let it go.
When the beast dashed backwards, the Bloodsucker chased it. Before, its other opponents had been too slow. It didn't expect something to be able to match it in speed down here.
With a swipe to its chest, the red roots were split open and the black blood squirted out once again.
"It has to be dead, I need to get that last hit." Obsessed with getting the quest reward for killing the thing, Quinn dashed forward.
When he got close to the two of them, the Bloodsucker turned around. The beast behind it looked like it was barely standing.
"Come on! Come at me Fex!" Quinn shouted as he threw out his leg, Performing a vertical slice of red aura. Seeing this the Bloodsucker leaped in the air and it looked like it would close the distance between the two with one jump.
"Quinn!" Layla said worriedly.
Peter was already on the move. He dashed out hoping to take the attack in Quinn's place. However, they were too far and he would never make it in time.
The others expected Quinn to attempt to dodge, but instead, he started to go through the motion of the hammer strike, timing everything perfectly, when the Bloodsucker jumped, just when it was about to land, Quin performed a flash step.
Avoiding the attack, he appeared in front of the king-tier beast.
"Blood hammer!" The beast was already weak, and using all the strength he could, he snapped back his arm and with the punch, released the power of the level two blood spray performing a blood hammer.
A loud shotgun-like sound echoed through the underground town.
Carefully, Quinn had hit the same spot where the Bloodsucker had clawed out the roots, protecting its upper body. Unlike before, the attack seemed to go through.
"Did he do it?" Layla thought.
Peter had stopped running, and a smile appeared on his face. He could tell Quinn had done it because he felt stronger.
[Quest completed]
[Defeat the king tier beast]
.....
...
Multiple notification screens appeared at the same time but Quinn didn't have much time to read all of them. While celebrating his Victory, a strong fist came out from the side hitting him on the body and flinging him through the air.
Looking down, Quinn could see the Bloodsucker's, ugly face.
****