After completing the quest successfully, Quinn didn’t get much time to check the rewards or see what he obtained. 
There was a problem with Fex, and shortly after the travelers appeared as well.
It seemed like the group was in trouble. Soon after seeing the travelers, he knew instantly how they would react, after seeing Fex. It was hard for them to even explain the situation since Fex was currently attacking them.
However, Quinn felt like he had a way to solve their current issue only he didn't have much time to act. During the fight with the king tier beast, he hadn't done this because they needed Fex in his bloodsucker form. But Quinn still had the flask that Fex had gifted him.
Once he drank the blood from the flask, it should be enough for his body to turn to normal. Right now, these travelers that were trying to help, were just getting in the way. Hiding in the shadows, Quinn started to think about his next move.
What he didn't expect to happen, was that the small group of travelers would be able to overpower the Bloodsucker.
After seeing him get stabbed in the ribs and howling in pain, Quinn had enough.
"I need to do something!" Quinn thought.
Although he didn't know what rewards he had received from the quest, there were two standout things he knew he had gotten without reading the system messages.
The first was his level.
[Level 18]
[10730/25600 exp]
[6 free stat points]
With each level, a large amount of exp was required to level up, and by defeating one beast, Quinn was able to level up three more times. At the higher levels, it would usually take a huge amount of time for one to level up.
But Quinn was fighting beasts several levels above what he was capable of. It was something the system had never expected.
Before jumping in to help Fex, Quinn had made the quick decision to put all of his points into the charm stat.
[22 Charm points]
This unlocked the next tier in his charm, and Quinn could tell that it would be different when he used it next. When fighting against humans or those like them, he knew the best stat to increase was the charm stat.
His phantom punch had proven effective, and he also had the daze and influence skills. His speed was already great, although he could increase his strength, based on the last fight, it was useless, unless he had the beast gear to go hand in hand with it.
This left the stamina and charm stat. For now, other than not being able to use the flash step freely, Quinn hadn't run into any problems with his stamina. He still would have liked to increase both, but it made more sense to pour the points into his charm stat for this confrontation that was about to happen.
With no time to lose, Quinn needed to reveal himself from the shadows, targeting his blood swipe at the leader Andre. When the blood swipe left his hands, he noticed that it was a lot more powerful than before.
This confirmed one of the other messages that Quinn had received.
[All blood-related skills have increased by 1]
[Blood swipe level 3]
[Blood spray level 3]
[Crescent kick level 2]
[Blood bank level 2]
This was a huge improvement in power. It took a long time for him to level up his skills, and Quinn was wondering if his blood bank would ever level up, and it finally did. Although it wasn't much use right now, because it was empty.
"Why did you attack me? We are trying to get rid of this beast!? Andre said, annoyed at the strange figure. It was clear the person who had attacked him was human, so he didn't want to lash out immediately and decided to break down into peaceful negotiations.
There wasn't much time for chit chat though, since Fex had pulled out the spear in his side and threw it onto the ground. It swiped at Andre next to him again, but Andy was already by his side to block the attack with his shield once more.
The two twins were now coming up from behind and threw out two wind kicks, forming a sharp slice from the tip of their boots.
A few moments later, they could feel something running past them at an incredible speed. Quinn no longer had any MC points to use his shadow, so he could only rely on his blood skills for this one.
Catching up to the twins' attacks, Quinn threw a quick kick from the side.
'Blood crescent kick!' A large red aura immediately consumed the twins' attack and they dashed into the darkness.
Annoyed at this, the twins ran forward.
"Stop getting." One of the twins said. "In our way." the other finished the other's sentence.
Making sure to make eye contact with one of them, Quinn activated his daze skill.
[Daze successful]
One of the twins immediately stopped as they felt a chill run down their spine. They didn't know what it was, but it was as if their bodies were being controlled. The other, ran forward, unaware of what was happening to the other.
Throwing out a fast punch, the twin was prepared to block the attack, lifting his two arms in an x-like shape, but the attack never came. Suddenly, he felt a heavy fist in his stomach.
'Blood spray!' At the same time as the punch was released, Quinn used his blood spray at close range sending one of them flying back. By now the other had been released from the daze and came charging forward hoping to help out his brother.
A kick was released at an amazing speed. Using the power of the wind behind his kick, rather than releasing it as an attack at the end, he was able to speed up his attack considerably.
Seeing this, Quinn decided to match him toe to toe, throwing out a kick of his own just as fast. The two legs clashed mid-air as both of their shins struck each other.
'Who is this person?' The twin thought. 'He's just as fast as me, and I have beast gear on as well as using my wind abilities. The gear he's wearing doesn't look like it's made from high-level beasts. So what could it be?"
While in the middle of his thought, he could see a flurry of fists coming toward him. He had knocked away the first one and attempted to block the second moving his head to the side. Once again, just like with his brother, the attack that was meant to come had never come, and a fist came out from a different direction altogether, hitting him right on the head and knocking him down to the ground.
With this attack, Quinn decided to not use his blood spray.
[22/95 HP]
Using the spray with his punches once in a while and the blood swipe would continuously lower his HP. It was the big downside of using the blood abilities. Still, with the phantom punch, other than his mind feeling more tired as he used it, he had another skill he could rely on.
Both Andy and Andre, including the beast, were busy with Fex, but from the corner of their eyes, they could see that the strange figure had easily dealt with two of their men. This surprised Andre.
The two Quinn had dealt with, weren't weak. They were strong and had gone on countless orange planet expeditions. They even survived and escaped a confrontation with a king-tier beast.
It was why Andre wasn't worried about them and continued to deal with the Bloodsucker, but he had never expected this.
Looking at Andre's fight against Fex, Quinn could tell he was strong. All three of them were evenly matched against him. Even with Quinn's speed increase and power increase, he wasn't as strong as Fex in his current form.
With the little Hp, he currently had, on top of no longer having any MC points to use his shadow ability. Quinn didn't want to do anything stupid, like confront Andre and Andy.
He quickly popped the lid of the flask and straight away, he was able to smell the sweet aroma of blood coming from it.
"I hope this works," Quinn said, and just like that, Fex turned his head, catching the same smell as Quinn.
Now, this was the hard part, immediately Quinn started to run off in the direction of the tower, and Fex chased after him. Both of them ran down the street into the darkness.
Both of them were now invisible since they were no longer in the sticky lights that Logan had shot on the street.
"Should we chase after the two of them, sir?" Andy asked.
Looking at the two, Andre found it strange, it didn’t seem like the creature was following the strange masked man like he was his master. Instead, it looked like he was trying to kill him.
"Leave them be, we have to go back and check up on the students," Andre replied.
Quinn started running at full speed, activating his wind walk boots, but he knew it would be useless with the great speed of the bloodsucker. The only thing he could do was, run into buildings, to slow Fex down.
While Quinn was able to navigate smoothly through them. Fex would bang into several items, or use his brute force to smash into them.
"This should be far enough." Quinn thought. In one of the abandoned buildings, there was an empty large room. He quickly placed the flask on the floor and ran aside.
He was still unsure if Fex would continue chasing after him or go after the flask. When Fex reached the flask on the floor, he immediately picked it up using its clawed hands. He shook the flask and poured the contents into his mouth without allowing a drop of it to touch the floor. 
Once the flask was empty, the Bloodsucker started to sway, as if he was drunk and was about to collapse on the floor, and soon after, he did. While looking at the body from a distance it looked like the body was starting to shrink.
"Well, I'm glad that's over with," Quinn said, while Fex was busy going back to his regular self, Quinn looked out the window and at the tower. It now was only a few buildings away.
"I wonder what's in there?"