After watching the fast-paced regeneration of the student, Silver pretty much confirmed her suspicions. The student that was known as Peter was a Wight. There weren't many things out there with such a fast healing speed. The only other thing that had a similar healing speed was wendigos but it was clear that Peter had kept most of his human appearance, so it ruled that possibility out.
Now that there weren't as many fights going on, she concentrated and found that there was no heartbeat. All these things led to the conclusion that he was a Wight.
'This could be a little troublesome or fairly easy to deal with.' If the Wight was created by Fex, then it would be impossible for her or him to kill it and she would have to find some other way to get rid of it. There was no way she could leave now knowing what was out and about, without a ladder they could quickly go out of control.
If it wasn't created by Fex, then that could be worse.
If possible, she would have liked Fex to deal with the situation as he was able to move about more freely among the students than she could, but if it was created by someone else, and the Vampire turned out to be quite powerful, it might be too much for him to handle and she would in the end, personally have to deal with it.
Whatever the case was, she would keep a close eye on observing the Wight's strength.
There was no longer any need for Peter to hold back. The military already thought he was strange after finding out he had several abilities, the worst thing that could happen was that he would need to feed again, and that was the worst outcome.
Knowing this and having the element of surprise, Peter continued to walk forward slowly. For some reason, Larry didn't know why, but he felt an immense amount of pressure.
It wasn't the fact that Peter was giving out such a feeling, it was because someone who he was sure he had already defeated was now walking perfectly fine. This type of situation messes with one's head, and it didn't quite make sense to Larry.
"I beat you up once. I can just do it again!" Larry shouted as he tried to psyche himself up to go in for the attack.
Shouting out a war cry once again, this time, the four hands had come out of his back before charging in. The boots on his feet slightly went a bronze color as he activated the equipment, allowing him to move slightly faster.
Then planning to do the same thing as last time, the gauntlets were activated as well.
'I'm not taking any chances, I'm taking you down in one blow.'
Surprisingly, Larry was moving a lot faster than Peter had suspected, but it still wasn't fast enough. Knowing full well he needed to avoid the attacks, at the right time as Larry went for the grab, Peter jumped back, allowing himself to be just out of reach of the grab. With a dash, Peter tried to go around the side, but Larry wasn't going to let him get behind him.
One hand retracted from his left side, and popped out of the right side, swinging his fist out at the same time, Peter, seeing this threw a fist of his own, but he wasn't holding back.
'You idiot, maybe you can heal, but you can't match my power!' Larry thought.
The two fists collided, and to his surprise, their strength was now equal. One fist didn't push back the other, but the power was so strong that the bones in both of their fists were completely shattered.
"Ahh!" Larry winced in pain and slightly flinched, while Peter hadn't stopped moving. The pain had no effect, and by the time he was around the back of Larry, his fist had already finished healing.
"He's so fast, are you sure he doesn't have the ability of speed as well, how can someone  move that quick?" Sam thought, watching from above.
Fex looked over at Quinn and thought back to when he had fought against the King tier beast. 'That's his speed, and with the boots, Quinn was even faster than that. If people saw Quinn fight in this event, how would they react to it?'
"This boy is good," Owen said. "Ignoring the things he's displaying, for now, he knows how to use his unique traits to his advantage.'
At this point, Jack was grinding his teeth. He never expected Peter to be this skillful. He was happy at first when he found out he had the regenerative ability as well as the transformation ability, but this was unexpected. The aim was for him to lose the fight.
Larry spun his body around, hoping to slam his gauntlet fist right into Peter's head. With the added strength of the gauntlets, his power should have overpowered Peter's.
Seeing this, Peter didn't care to dodge but instead lifted his left arm right up to his head, while throwing out a punch of his own.
"In a fight, the best time to throw a punch is when your opponent is throwing a punch of their own. A counterpunch," Nate said, looking at the screen already knowing the outcome of the fight.
Larry's fist had hit Peter's arm and had shattered his forearm, but the blow was blocked. In contrast, Peter's strike had all his power behind it, as well as the momentum of Larry's coming spinning and coming towards him. As Peter's fist dug into his face, it had twice the power of what a punch from Peter would usually have.
Parts of teeth went flying out of his mouth, and blood started to gush from his nose, as his head was flung back the white in his eyes could be seen, and the loud sound of the heavy body hitting the floor was heard.
The ref rushed to the body on the floor and soon raised his hand.
"The winner, ZombieP!!!"
The single punch, from Peter, was all it took. Larry had been defeated.
Slamming his fist down on his chair, Jack stood up from his seat and stormed off out of the room.
"What's wrong with him, did he have a bet on the other kid to win?" Mona asked.
"Don't be silly," Oscar replied. "You know, we don't allow those types of things. I believe he had been paying close attention to Larry for a while now and was planning to invite him into his family. This might have been quite a shock to him, just leave him be."
Outside of the booth, Jack continued to walk down the hallway. He was doing his best to calm down, Pure hadn't come out, and he had spent a lot of time preparing everything, and it seemed to be all a waste of time. Sure, he could still get his revenge just by reporting Peter or killing him in secret, but that wasn't good enough for Jack.
He still remembered the embarrassment he received last time when they had taken both the students right in front of his very eyes. "You think you can make a fool out of me!" He shouted. "We'll see that the fighting event isn't over yet. You think your little experiment is strong, huh? Well then. Let's see how well it does against a real opponent." When his voice could be heard back at the booth, Jack started to laugh hysterically down the long corridor.
"Some people in this world, shouldn't have the power they have," Owen said out loud and clearly, making sure everyone had heard what he said in the booth.
"Does that include you?" Burnie asked.
Owen shrugged his shoulders. "Who knows."
The event had come to a close for the day, and there were several surprises. The audience was excited to return to see everything tomorrow, and the students who hadn't taken part in anything were restless. When they all returned to the competitors' room, they were eager to go out on the platform for the evening to expend all the energy they had pent up.
Quinn and his group had decided to meet up at one of the coffee stalls. It was a bit late for coffee, but they wanted to discuss the possibilities that might happen to Peter, as well as update everyone about what had happened so far with Cia. They hadn't invited Sam this time, so they could talk freely, but did however plan to meet him tomorrow to watch the rest of the events.
Quinn was the last one to arrive at the coffee shop, and sitting outside was Logan, Layla, and Vorden. As he walked up and took a seat, he noticed one was empty. "Huh, where's Fex."
"He said he wasn't feeling well tonight and would join us a little later," Vorden replied.
The truth was, Fex had a prior appointment tonight. On the very top of Hotel four, if one was to look closely, they still wouldn't be able to see anything, but perhaps if one had a pair of binoculars, they would be able to see two figures. It was windy up at the top, but it was away from the eyes of any type of camera and was in a place that would have been hard to reach for many.
"Let me ask you something, dear brother." Silver said in a sarcastic tone. "Did you know about the illegal?"
****