After forfeiting the fighting event, Quinn was now free to return to the hotel with the others for the night and rest for the remaining week. It had been a rollercoaster ride of events, but still, not everything was over.
It seemed like each time he would make progress somewhere, he would be taking two steps back somewhere else.
When the other matches had ended, the reporter wanted to interview him, asking him why he had decided to forfeit his match? However, by the time the other fights were finished, they quickly realized that instead of staying to watch the other fights, Quinn had left to return to his room.
Most of the audience understood and started to theorize their reasons for his forfeit. Either too much power was used in the fight yesterday, and there hadn't been enough time to recover, or there was still more to his ability that the student didn't want to show; after all, it was practically a new ability in the world.
The more he fought in front of thousands and thousands of people, the higher the chance the people around could figure it out. Of course, the Big Four didn't have any questions, and Oscar was far more interested in the planet that Quinn had gotten the power from in the first place.
While in his room on his own, he still couldn't stop thinking about Peter. It felt cruel in a way that he was just taken. They would never find out his fate or if he was okay. Yet somehow, he was meant to just accept the result.
But there was truly nothing he could do about it. The AI system had no clue where the current Vampires lived. With no way to get there, it was pointless to think of a way to save him.
'Wait a minute?'
Suddenly, Quinn stood up from his bed as a spark had hit him in the head.
'The teleportation device, the one in Logan's room. Didn't Fex say, it leads to the vampires?'
A return portal. The only problem was Logan still hadn't managed to crack the code. Past even that, though, what could Quinn do when he got there? He was still weak. Fex was considered a young vampire, and there were bound to be even more powerful vampires there.
Again there was no use thinking about it, but maybe by the time Logan had cracked the code on the device, Quinn would be strong enough to help Peter.
The next day, Quinn had joined up with his friends to watch the event. There were only two days left now before everything would come to an end. Meeting up with everyone, the group seemed smaller than before. With Fex and Peter gone, it felt kind of quiet since they were the most talkative bunch in the group.
Well, Fex made up for two people's absence.
With Sam there joining them to watch the events, the group decided they would support Nate. Quinn was secretly rooting for him, but something seemed to be off during his match. As if his mind was somewhere else.
'We're already friends?' Nate thought. 'What did he mean by that?' He had been thinking about it all night, and even in his fight right now when he should have been fighting, his mind wasn't focused at all.
However, this was the semifinals. The second last day. His opponent wasn't taking it easy and instantly revealed his soul weapon. The first-year students watching were now keeping a close eye; for some of them, it was their first time seeing such a thing.
With that, the match was over as Nate was eliminated via knockout from falling off the ring, but he wasn't upset. Because, he had finally figured it out.
'Does he mean he's already on my friend list? So that means I've met him before in the game.' But he had no recollection of anyone using those types of powers. Nevertheless, he was happy that he would be able to fight the Cursed Child. Who knows, it might have been someone he fought a long time ago, but his skills were weak at the time.
The final day of the event had arrived and when Sam had met up with the group, he had brought along a little friend with him. Nate.
"You, you... You know this guy, Sam?" Nate said, pointing at the Cursed Child.
"Ha, ha, it's a long story. Why don't you sit down, and I'll tell you all about it."
They watched the final day of events and continued to talk, laugh, and tell stories to each other. Nate and Sam knew each other before coming to military school, which was a little rare since the organizers tried to purposely split people who did know each other.
But because of this, they had plenty of embarrassing stories to tell. When they were done speaking about theirs, they asked about the others starting with Quinn. He explained how his parents died in the war and the mood suddenly had gotten somber. Moving on to Vorden, it seemed he kept avoiding the question completely, and so did Layla.
The atmosphere suddenly got a little awkward. It felt as if Nate and Sam were very open about everything, while the others were still hiding. Still, they decided to ignore it since everyone was having a good time before this.
"So what about you, Logan?" Sam asked. "What did you do before coming here?"
"Not much. I didn't talk to people at my last school as I like to stay alone, started a few gaming projects, and was the same at this school. That is until I met Quinn. Ever since my life seems to have been busier than ever but not in a bad way."
"Come on," Layla said. "He's not giving himself enough credit. Those few projects he started in school turned out to be a big deal."
"What do you mean?" Sam asked.
"Those projects are still ongoing today. Although you guys might know them like the game, Power fighters." Logan answered.
"What!" Nate said, suddenly interested. The two of them were enthusiasts of the game, and right now, they were sitting with the inventor. They weren't even aware that a kid-created it since his family's name who owned the company was attached to it.
"Wait!." said Nate. "That means you must know about the Blood Evolver right? Do you know who he is? Is he hacking the system?"
"Of course, I know who he is," Logan replied with honesty. "But for privacy reasons, I can not reveal that to you. However, I can tell you that he has not hacked the site. The ability being used is a strange one."
The conversation between the group continued, mostly with Nate trying to figure out some way for Logan to tell him who the Blood Evolver was, and soon, the last event of the whole week was announced. The grand finale of the fighting event.
The group wanted to pay attention to the fight, and so did Quinn. These were the strongest two students out of all seven of the military bases. Due to them being second years, they would be leaving after the end of this year. So there was a good chance Quinn would never see them again.
Still, that might not be the case once they left the military. Outside it was a free world, and there was a chance they could run into anybody again.
The second reason was due to the soul weapons that would be used. Quinn had a high interest in soul weapons as they seemed to increase one's power significantly. It is said that when one is born, the soul weapon already starts to form based on their traits and personality. Eventually, it will get slightly altered when learning their first ability and will continue to grow from there. Finally, when they are ready, they would be able to manifest one.
The thing was, Quinn was unsure if Vampires even had soul weapons. Fex didn't seem to have one; otherwise, he would have used it against the King Tier beast.
Maybe unlike humans Vampires when born didn't have a soul weapon inside?
But what about him? Quinn was born a vampire and only later turned into a human. And if he did have one, Quinn wondered what it would be?
*****