With a single click, from the computer, a hologram displayed all the information about the sub-class known as "Hannya" to the group. They were all currently inside Logan's room.
When asked what Layla was, Quinn found it hard to answer without making himself seem suspicious. He didn't know a lot about vampires in the first place, and all his knowledge before could be said that came from Fex.
The only person that knew about the System and some of the system skills was Logan. The suggestion had been made that perhaps they could find something online. So as they planned to head to Logan's room to do some research, Quinn told him beforehand what Layla was.
"Based on the algorithm taken from the photos of Layla's face, it seems like my genius AI system was able to come up with something. The AI cross-references and matches the details with folklore tales related to vampires in one way or another," Logan said as he gave a quick wink to Quinn while nobody was paying attention to him.
Layla and the others begin to read the information displayed. What was written out was precisely the same as what had been displayed from Quinn's System.
"Emotional? Me?" Layla said suddenly, but she realized that she was letting what the screen said now prove her wrong. So correcting herself, she tried her best to hold everything in. She cleared her throat and started again. "Okay, say I am this Hannya demon thing; the only thing I don't understand is the feeding off negative emotions part."
"If I was to take a guess," Vorden said. "I would say it's one of two things. Just as Quinn gets pleasure from blood, you might be able to feed off the aura of negative or sad people. Or there is the second option, you feed by making people negative."
The others didn't say anything, but they felt like Vorden was spot on with his deduction. That line could only be interpreted like that, and they hoped it wasn't the second one. However, the first part might prove difficult as well. Where were they meant to find negative people? Would they have to go around the school looking for someone who had just broken up? Or perhaps start calling people names.
"Don't worry too much about this." The System said to Quinn, seeing his concern. "Remember what I said about category C? Unlike ghouls or vampires who need blood or flesh to survive, the Hannya don't need negative emotions to live; this is just what powers them and allows them to evolve eventually."
That was another thing that Quinn worried about, evolving. He remembered that there was also a chance that Peter could have evolved into the Wendigo. Perhaps what Layla would evolve into wasn't exactly a good thing.
"So do you know if they feed on negative emotions or feed by creating negative emotions?" Quinn asked.
"Ha, ha, this was why I didn't want to butt in, but I felt the need to. I don't remember." The System replied.
'Useless as always.' Quinn thought.
"So based on the information, unlike Quinn and Peter, you won't have abnormal strength or speed," Logan explained. "But instead magical abilities, perhaps in a way similar to Quinn's blood abilities. What about your ability from before? Can you still use that?" Logan asked.
She shook her head in response.
"No, I already tried on the way over here, it's completely gone, but it was expected." She replied.
"Well, have you thought about what ability you want?" Vorden asked.  "Now's the time for a fresh new leaf; we don't know if telekinesis is compatible with vampires or not, but even so, if you want to, you could choose a completely new ability."
Layla continued to fidget and play with the small bumps on top of her head as she thought about it. If she moved her hair to the side of her face, it would slightly cover them up, but a hairband or bandanna would be best as well.
'What would mom's reaction be if she saw this?'
Then she started to think about her bow; it was an item gifted and given to her by her mother before she came to the academy.
"I think it would be best to still have an ability that compliments my bow." Said Layla. "We don't know how this magic works, but if it's like Quinn's blood abilities, it will have a limit before they can be used again. So it's best to have a backup to use in any case scenario. And a melee weapon doesn't suit me since I didn't get any stronger in the other departments. But I'm not sure if I want to stick to telekinesis or not.
"Maybe after using my vampire abilities, there might be something more suited for the bow and them together. I'll have to think about it for now."
"I think that's the right choice." Said Vorden. "Well, what are we waiting for? We need to test your powers, right? Let's see what you can do."
"What? Here? Now? But I don't even know how or what to do?" Layla responded.
Logan's room was pretty big due to it being one of the VIP rooms. It was even bigger than Vorden and Quinn's room, which was meant to house three people inside. So there was plenty of floor space. Still, things were lying all over the floor, and Logan quickly allowed his spiders to get to work clearing everything and putting it to the side.
After a few moments, the floor looked almost brand new.
'Is there anything those spiders can't do?' Vorden thought.
They weren't going to fight so the space was enough. They just needed her to use her skills.
Layla stood in the middle of the room, and the target of choice for her abilities would be Quinn. This was because he had a healing factor that they could rely on and technically had the strongest body there. He also felt like it was only right to volunteer himself for something like this. Being the person who changed her.
"So, what do I do?" Layla asked.
"I guess I can explain what I do when I use my blood abilities," Quinn suggested. "You should feel this strange energy in your body swirling around. Try grabbing onto it, then when you release that energy, you have a clear image inside your head of what you think the skill will look like. It's quite similar to how we learn our usual skills from skill books, only you don't have any references to go on. This kind of just works for me." Quinn said.
Logan, back on his computer, pretended to have taken and found more information about Hannya, when in reality, it was just what Quinn had already told him. He described the characteristics of the power they used and what the two skills might look like. Giving out every bit of detail apart from what the ability did.
"That thing is extremely detailed to be up online," Vorden commented. "Are you sure that vampires didn't write that article?"
"Well, we won't know till we try, will we? I don't think it's accurate, but it allows us to start somewhere." Logan replied. "Unless you have any better ideas?"
Layla closed her eyes, and nearly instantly, she could feel the strange energy that Quinn was talking about. Maybe it was because she no longer had her ability, and there weren't many other changes to her body apart from this one, but she was able to pick it out straight away.
However, as she thought and grabbed on to this energy more, memories started to appear in her head, memories of her mother. Memories of her time at Pure, and memories of her dear friend Erin. Without realizing it, her face looked sad on the outside, and tears were flowing down them dropping onto the floor. She tried her best to ignore them and started to picture one of the skills—the spiritual chain.
The others could see Layla's face full of tears and wondered what was happening, but because her eyes were still closed, they didn't want to bother her, then suddenly.
"Spiritual chain." She said as she opened up her eyes. A thick black ball the size of a basketball came shooting out of her hands. It almost looked like a fireball, except for its black color.
On her very first try, the attack was a success.
*****