Following the strange smell, Quinn was still wondering if it was the right thing to do or not. After all, he was in the military base. It was quite easy for him to make a scene and scare off whatever vampire that was coming his way. The problem was, how many days would that buy him?
They were here now, and they were here to get to him. Fex before leaving had informed the others that they would be cautious before returning. So why would they change their mind, and now that curiosity had gotten the better of Quinn?
The smell of the vampire got stronger, and then at times, it would weaken again. It was as if Quinn was playing a game of hot and cold, trying to find just where they were hiding. Eventually, though, he realized it wasn't trying to hide. It was trying to lead him somewhere. Right now, he was looking at the last staircase that led up to the school roof. The door was slightly open, and a cool breeze could be heard going through it. As if it was inviting him.
'This is your last chance to turn back, Quinn.' He thought to himself.
"If you don't talk to me now, I'll only catch you at another time. I thought I would be polite in inviting you here." A voice said.
The words were spoken quietly but at the same time loud enough for a vampire to hear, who was standing only a few feet away from the door. "I don't want to fight, I just want to talk."
"Screw it!" Quinn said. "If not now, then when."
Going up to the top of the staircase and opening the door to the rooftop, he could see the back of a figure standing there. Her hair flowed in the wind, and the moonlight shone off the silver strands.
It was the first vampire Quinn was meeting outside of Fex, and this wasn't a child like him.
As Silver turned around, she looked at the boy. He had the same features as the Wight they had captured before their transformation was over, and she could smell he was a vampire. She looked him up and down, trying to see if there was anything special, to see if she could see what Fex could see, but at a glance, she felt nothing.
If this was the person who was going to change the way the vampire worlds worked, then surely she should have felt something, but she didn't.
'But Fex believed in you for some reason. Enough to risk his own life for yours. So you're the only hope I have.'
"What do you…" Quinn was about to say, but Silver suddenly snapped.
"Down!" She shouted, with her eyes beaming red. In an instant, as if Quinn had lost control of his body, he fell to his knees and was pinned.
'Is this the influence skill? It's so strong!' He tried to fight back using his strength, but nothing seemed to be working.
"I will do the talking from here." Silver said. "I've come to tell you the information that has happened in the vampire world. I don't know if your leader has cared to inform you, but since this is all your fault in the first place I shall…"
"The decision has been made, two months from now on August the 15th, the day that he came into this world, Fex Sanguinis shall be sentenced to death."
If Quinn wasn't already frozen, he would have been frozen in place from her words. He wasn't expecting to hear any news from the vampires, and why would they even bother to inform him. They didn't even properly know about him yet. Then, an unexpected name appeared: Fex's name.
Quinn had prepared himself to perhaps never see Peter again. He didn't want to, but he knew it was a possibility. But still, for some reason, he never thought such a harsh punishment would befall Fex.
"Why, what did he do?!" Quinn shouted.
"In front of all the family leaders, Fex admittedly lied to everyone. He tried to deceive everyone and that included his own family."
'Did he do all this because of me? You went that far, Fex. I thought you would be okay. I thought you had a plan. What's the point of sacrificing two lives for my own?'
"Why are you telling me this?" Quinn said. "Is it just to taunt me, to inform me that his death is because of me?" His hands were now shaking with anger, and in this, he hadn't realized that a part of his mobility had come back.
"What is wrong with you people? He did nothing wrong, we did nothing wrong!" Quinn shouted. "People every day are killing each other, hitting each other in this world. Yet for some reason, we're the ones to be punished. I thought maybe you vampires would be better, but it looks like you are scum too, just like the rest. Do any of you even care about each other?"
Silver was a little taken back by Quinn's words. Fex had broken the rules, of course, he should be punished, but did he deserve death? Did the illegal do anything to harm the vampires in any way?
"You don't understand he broke the rules. We have always followed them and we always will. The council has made its decision. It's all for a greater cause in the end and to protect us all."
"Screw the council!" Quinn said as he slowly lifted one leg off the ground. His knee twitched, and then finally his foot was placed on the floor.
'Huh, is he breaking my influence? That's impossible, he's only at the vampire level.'
"Down!" Silver said.
And once again, Quinn's body was forced into the same position as before.
"You don't understand." Silver said. That was when Quinn noticed a single drop of a tear falling to the floor from her right eye. So far, all the words being said had no emotion in them, and even now, when she spoke, it sounded so.
'Is she holding them back?'
"I care more about the vampires than anything, but the rules must be followed. At the same time though, I care about my brother and I don't want to see him die like this. He was destined for more."
"I cannot break the rules, but you…" She said pointing at him.
"You are an outsider, someone who has already broken the rules. You can fight back against them. For some reason, my brother believed in you."
"He told me that he thought you were a vampire that would one day change the world. But that one day isn't quick enough. You need to change it now."
A gust of wind went past, and her silver hair flickered in front of her face once more. Several tears could now be seen hitting the floor. As Quinn blinked, he could no longer see her there. The control over his body had disappeared as well.
He quickly got up and ran to where her position was. He tried smelling the air, looking over the edge. Searching high and low, seeing where she could have gone, but in the end, she was nowhere to be seen and her scent no longer lingered.
"That was Fex's sister. I can't believe they're going to kill him. Not just that, what about Peter? I had so many questions to ask. How could she just come and leave like that? What am I meant to do now with all this information?"
It was a big shock to Quinn, although he was preparing to travel to the vampire world with Logan; going there and rescuing someone were two different things.
"August 15th, that's two months from now. School ends around July. Can I get strong enough to save him?"  He clenched his fist tightly and looked up at the full moon that night.
Fex's sister seemed so powerful to Quinn. She was strong enough to control him just with her influence, and yet she still wasn't doing anything. If she wouldn't then he was Fex's only hope.
"No! I will save him. I'm coming for you Peter and Fex, just wait for me… don't give up yet, at least not until I've given up on you."
****