Ever since the day, his Qi mixed with his blood, Quinn's senses had been sharper than ever. It was as if the Qi was activating on its own at times, and right now he was feeling the same thing. As soon as the strange mud ball had broken, his senses were telling him to fall back, and he did well to listen to them by moving out of the way.
Standing in front of him now was Duke. The reason for being in the ball for so long was to ensure that he had enough time to equip his soul weapon. Right now, from head to toe, his body was covered in a strange rock-like substance. His size was nearly twice the size of what he was before, and the only humane feature that could be seen on him was his eyes.
He looked like some type of rock beast made out of well..rocks.
'I guess he's not going to take it easy on me the same way as the sergeant did. That armor looks sturdy and I don't have my gauntlets either. This is going to be a hard one.' Quinn thought.
Suddenly, as Duke lifted his hand, giant columns of rock appeared shooting out from underneath, moving and swerving left and right, and right at the very tip of the column, it was slightly larger making the bendy columns look like Snakes. The way they moved also resembled that of a snake as well.
Moving his hand, one of the large snakes moved forward and started slithering fast against the floor. Quinn was waiting for the right moment, to use his flash step to avoid the strike, but then suddenly, the head opened its mouth, and several Slab bricks came shooting out of it.
Performing the flash step earlier than planned, Quinn moved away from most of the attacks, but he was unprepared for the other rock snake that was also going for him. Using its large head, it managed to slam into his body at great speed.
[80/95HP]
The blow was powerful, and the snake continued to push both it and Quinn across the floor. Using one hand, Quinn managed to harden his fingers so much that he had dug his hand into the head of the snake. Then, with the other, he started to perform the motions of the hammer strike. He knew a normal punch wouldn't be enough.
"Get off me!" Quinn shouted, as a large and powerful Bang was heard, pieces of rock flew everywhere as the snake's head and weight were flung off to the side.
"When did Quinn get that much strength?" Vorden thought. "How is someone able to grow that quickly in such a short amount of time?"
Still, while Vorden was wondering about Quinn, it seemed like Duke was relaxing on the other side of the field while Quinn was having a hard time.
Looking around him, Quinn had noticed that the other snake had suddenly gone missing, but before everyone else could, with his sensitive ears, Quinn could hear rumbling and it was coming from underneath.
"Flash step."
The ground started shaking and out from below the other large snake popped up. If he hadn't dodged it in time, he would have been hit.
'Damn, he's like a little rat!' Duke thought.
"Hitting the snakes is useless, even if I take them down, he'll just make another one. What I need to do is to go after the person that's controlling them!" Quinn thought as he started to run as fast as he could towards Duke.
Just as before, the snakes opened their mouths and started to shoot out multiple slabs at Quinn. By using a mixture of his speed, strength, and flash steps he was able to avoid most of the blows, but still got hit now and then. Compared to fighting Dillan, there were far more slabs so he was getting hit more often.
[78/95]
[76/95]
[70/95]
Still, Quinn didn't let that deter him. Every time he got hit by a slab, he kept his target in sight and carried on going towards Duke. Then, at one point, the snakes finally stopped firing. He was now too close to Duke.
Using the momentum, Quinn jumped up in the air and swung his body out while performing a spinning roundhouse kick, it was a move that would allow him to produce the most power in an instant, and would be too fast for Duke to block.
"Yes, he's got him!" Bill thought.
The kick slammed right into Duke's side, and a few cracks appeared. But he hadn't even been moved a single inch from his spot, and even the cracked markings on his soul weapon had healed in an instant. It looked as if Quinn had never hit him in the first place.
"You're an idiot!" Duke said as he threw out a fist towards Quinn.
Surprisingly, the fist was incredibly fast for his size, and the only way Quinn could avoid the blow was by performing another flash step.
"What do you think this is?" Duke said arrogantly. "You will never be able to do any harm to me. Underneath my soul weapon, I even have king-tier armor protecting me. Your weak punches and kicks will do nothing."
Quinn hated to admit it, but the way he was now, a normal punch wouldn't do anything. He didn't have his gauntlets, and he doubted the normal hammer strike would be able to do much either.
'Should I just run away? He'll never be able to catch me right?'
Quickly, he caught glimpses of all the people he had helped so far, he could see the look on their faces. They were all deeply worried about him, not just them but his friends, Layla, Vorden, and Logan. Before he never had this, he never had people who were concerned and worried for him.
'I'm not going to run away. At least not until I give this guy one good punch!' Quinn thought.
"Let me show you what a real punch is like," Duke said as he lifted his hand in the air. Pieces of rock rose from the ground and some parts of the snake started to form around Duke's fist. Doubling it in size, creating a giant fist.
"I don't understand?" Hayley said. "Won't that just make his fist heavy, not stronger or faster?"
"You're wrong," Nathan replied. "You see, the top earth users have complete control over the earth. By covering his entire hand, he can use his ability to push the earth as fast as possible. It's as if he was moving a ton of weight at the speed of his regular punch, while also being enhanced by his beast gear underneath. It's best if the Night Demon gets out of there now."
The two snakes stood behind him like a wall, waiting for Quinn to make a break for it. But never for a second did Quinn think about running away.
"You're right, Duke. I was an idiot to think my weak punches were ever enough to stop you. I'm sorry for not giving it everything I've got!"
Ignoring the silly taunts, Duke started to swing his giant fist towards Quinn. It was moving at the normal speed of a regular punch, which shocked everyone that was watching. How could something so large move like that, it was as if the wind didn't exist?
Quinn slammed his foot down hard on the ground, which caused a small crater to be formed. He then allowed the energy to rise inside him. This time, it wasn't just his strength added to it. The red blood energy was rising too. If he wanted to hurt Duke, he had no choice but to perform the Blood Hammer strike.
The Blood energy then started to shift from his toes to one of his hands. Then something strange happened. Something unexpected, but it was too late for Quinn to stop now. The strange pink Qi energy started to move about with the Blood energy. Still, Quinn didn't care about it and continued trying to perform the strongest punch he could do.
"Blood hammer strike!" Snapping back and firing off his other hand like a shotgun, an extremely loud thunderous clap was heard. The two fists had collided.
There was no equal force of power, as one of them was the clear winner. Duke's giant stone fist immediately started to crumble, as all of the earth used to create it was shot back.
Screams were heard as giant pieces of rocks started to crash and fall to the ground, and dust had also been thrown up everywhere.
"What happened?"
"Did the Night Demon die?"
"Is everyone okay?'' Nathan shouted out. As the two fists had hit, a large dust cloud had spread out blocking everyone's view. The only thing that they could hear and see was the thunderclap and the large rocks falling on the floor.
As the dust started to settle. The place where the Night Demon once was, he was now nowhere to be seen. Then Nathan and all the others quickly went to look at Duke.
Gasps were heard throughout the crowd at what they were seeing.
"Someone get the doctor quick!" One of the sergeants called.
A pool of blood was at Duke's feat and his whole right arm from his shoulder was no longer there.
"I'll KILL THAT BASTARD!!"
*****