Seeing Layla being dragged away like that was an unexpected turn of events, but Logan was well aware that this may be the case. There is a good chance that further unforeseeable events will occur. He loathed being in the middle of nowhere with no understanding what was going on.
This was not his method of planning or carrying out tasks. This isn't it. He was put on the spot more than ever before, and he had to make decisions quickly before gathering all the facts.
Out of everyone else, he was most concerned about Layla. She was the only one who was genuinely a vampire subtype. In comparison to the others, her identity was more difficult to discover.
A single ring of a big bell rang out, signaling that lessons were about to begin. There was only one ring, and then nothing. The party that had now lost Layla was walking through the school hallways, which were now completely empty, devoid of kids as soon as the bell had rang. The enthusiasm and commotion that had been filling the room only seconds before had died away.
"Isn't this bad?" 
"Hey, hey, isn't this bad?" Cia remarked. "How are we going to deal with Layla?" says the group. She inquired as the party went down the corridor, as if hunting for something.\
Logan was mostly focused on the information that his little spiders were returning to him. He was looking for a server room where the school files were housed right now. They'd be fine as long as they had this and he could add their names to the list. Even if they were reprimanded for arriving late to class.
"Don't worry about Layla; she's a formidable opponent who is far more skilled than you realize." 'And so are you,' Vorden responded. He repeated it in his brain, well aware that the two of them were former Pure operatives.
Finally, it appeared that Logan had discovered it, though he would have to use his own power to change it. They resumed walking through the corridors until they discovered the room they were looking for. It was unguarded, unlike their own school's facilities. Perhaps it was because the vampires trusted each other or because they were afraid to undertake anything so severe.
Vorden and Layla remained outside on guard as Logan entered the room on his own. They looked around, but it didn't appear that anyone was running late for class or searching the corridors.
The silence between them became increasingly uncomfortable until Cia decided to break it.
"Hey Vorden, do you remember who I was, you know, before the memory loss?"
As she asked the question, flashes of memories of all the unusual advances she had made toward him, as well as all the compliments, flashed through his mind. Maybe Raten liked them, but Vorden didn't.
"You were... a confident girl." Vorden replied.
Meanwhile, Logan was in the darkened area, which was lit by red Led lights. There was a massive terminal, unlike anything he'd seen before. After what had occurred in the scientific lab, this caused him to pause for a moment. 'They can't all be that way, can they?' We're going to have to change everything if I can't do this.'
He placed his hand on the machine and waited a few moments, his heart hammering loudly and his palms slightly sweating, but a smile came on his face after a few seconds. He was being monitored by the machine.
Logan discovered that there were very few students in the school after gathering data from the machine. There were around 500 pupils in all, including those in the other buildings. Another oddity he saw was that there appeared to be only one year group.
It was unusual, but the computer just had knowledge of the school and didn't know why things were the way they were. Hopefully, they'll find out soon. Logan intended to enroll them in the class with the smallest number of students, but it turned out that practically every class had a tiny number of pupils. Up to a maximum of twenty.
The computer system was also linked to the other systems around the campus, so Logan also altered the information on the other computer as well for Layla's sake.
"And done." Logan said.
As they walked out of the room, they needed to locate their classroom, which was D. The corridors were divided into different letters depending on which side they were on, and they ultimately discovered it. They couldn't discuss certain topics anymore, so they'd have to get as much information as they could on their own for the time being.
However, a female voice could be heard before they could even enter the room.
"Are you going to come in or stand there all day!" She could tell people were standing outside.
Logan was the first to enter the room, followed by Cia and Vorden. Looking around the room, the female teacher could be seen standing in front of a digital display, while all of the students sat in seats that ran diagonally up in each row, similar to those found in a movie theater.
Two of the students in the class were the first to notice who had just entered. Snow and Fred, the two students who had assisted them in getting here.
'Whoa, they really didn't listen to us, they're mega late.' Fred whispered.
'I know, I wonder what the…"
"Stop talking!" The teacher yelled as she flicked her finger and hurled what appeared to be a small red bullet that grazed Snow between the eyebrows. He’d fallen off his chair with his head flung backwards. 
The teacher then turned around to look at the three in the classroom.
"Now, who are you three?" She asked.
"We are students of this class." Logan replied as he bowed down. "Sorry we are late!"
The other two quickly did the same and apologized as well. "Sorry we are late!"
"You appear to be well-mannered." "Says the teacher," "However, I'm afraid you've made a mistake; all of the pupils are already in my class, the list has been reviewed, and everyone on the system is present and accounted for. It would be preferable if you discovered your true class and allowed them to punish you."
"Is it possible you made a mistake, miss?" Logan said.
Hearing the kid say this, many of the pupils clenched their teeth, and some felt compelled to duck behind their desk in dread of the teacher exploding. They'd all heard the whispers about how severe instructors could be, particularly this new one.
She carefully examined the three, and she could clearly hear the young girl's heartbeat, which was the loudest of them all, indicating that she was terrified.
"All right, I'll double-check, but let me tell you, I'm meticulous and can't recall the last time I..." However, the teacher opted to pause before proceeding.
The three and the entire class waited in silence as she walked to her computer system, and there were three names added that she hadn't seen before, just as Logan had indicated.
'When I got the schedule this morning, I'm sure there weren't 
this
 many pupils in the class.' 'Did they move the pupil around at the last possible moment?' She pondered.
She stepped up to the three, leaving her computer behind, unable to confess that she might have made a mistake, she said... "There appears to have been a last-minute change in pupils from other classes, and no one bothered to inform me. However, because I was wrong and you were late, I have chosen not to punish you. Please have a seat."
Because there were few empty seats in the class, the three of them were forced to sit separately. Cia sat at the rear close to a tall boy, Logan sat near the front next to a couple of girls, and Vorden chose to sit next to the two they had met earlier in the day, Snow and Fred.
It was time for the real lesson to begin now that everything had been completed.
"All right, everyone, I've decided to restart the class from the beginning because three students were late." She stated her case. There were no grumbles or complaints from the students. She continued to speak while walking up to the digital display and writing her name on the board.
"As many of you are aware, I am a new teacher who has chosen to begin this term. I'm sure you've heard a lot about my family and recent events, but I want you to forget about it. You are my students, and I shall fulfill the responsibility that has been placed upon me. You may all refer to me as..."
Moving to the side to allow the students to see the screen, the words S I L V E R were printed out on the digital display.
"Silver." She stated it, her face as straight as it had always been.
*****