Many people were perplexed as to why Silver had suddenly decided to pursue a career as a teacher. Normally, a vampire knight's obligations kept him too busy to undertake such a thing. However, after learning of her brother's events, she had made the decision to return to Earth and become a teacher.
It was something to keep her mind off things. She had discovered that she enjoyed teaching at the military post and decided to give it a try here.
But it was the fact that Sliver had decided to become a regular teacher that surprised the others the most. Her status as a vampire knight meant she could be teaching the direct descendants of the thirteen families, the next generation of leaders, if she truly wanted to. They were frequently taken out of class and given extra lessons that the other students were not allowed to have.
When word got out that Silver was going to be teaching regular vampire students, word got out quickly, especially among those in class D.
Logan was sitting in the back of the classroom, looking at all of the pupils, when he noticed something that stood out among them all. That was evidenced by the fact that all of the boys appeared to be in a stupor as the teacher spoke. Logan took a bit to figure out what was going on because the girls didn't seem to be doing the same thing. At the very least, the majority of the females.
"Okay." Silver remarked. "Now that I've finished my introductions, it's time for you to tell me about yours. Please include your first and last name, as well as your family's phone number. Nobody cares what you want to do or what you like to eat. So let's keep it brief and to the point so we can get on with this boring introduction."
She took a look around the room and pointed to the boy who was closest to her. "You can go first because you're up here." As the boy stepped up to her and got closer, she murmured something. The color of his face began to change. He was also fumbling with something behind his back, which he revealed when he brought out what appeared to be a small red gemstone.
"Teacher! I realize you don't know who I am, but I brought this for you as a gift in the hopes that we can get our relationship off to a good start." With his hands outstretched, the child said.
"I appreciate it." As she placed the gift on her desk next to her, Silver said. Silver was unconcerned about it. It was common for them to bring gifts like this when visiting other families and the homes of lesser vampires. She wasn't sure if it was typical for pupils to do so, though.
Logan now saw why all the boys were acting the way they were after seeing this. It was evident while looking at Silver that the lads wanted to impress her on the first day since she was a beauty. Logan couldn't say he was into relationships or that sort of thing, but he could sense when someone was attractive, and he couldn't deny Silvers with her wonderfully symmetrical features.
'They say the more symmetrical someone's face is the prettier they are.' Logan thought. 'It seems her beauty has had quite an effect on these people. Perhaps there is a chance I can create a robot that's even more symmetrical. One with the perfect square head, a flat nose, and the eyes in the perfect spot. This will surely attract everyone.'
Others would think Logan was insane, or at least even crazier than they already thought, if they could see what he had in his head as flawless.
"My name is Tullen Difonde." The boy said. "I belong to the 9th family.. My favorite things… are."
"Ermm" Silver cleared her throat, interrupting the boy. "That's enough."
The boy was even more ashamed than before, and he returned to his seat swiftly.
The introductions continued as they went around in a row, one after the other, and there seemed to be a similar pattern. All the boys had in one way or another given a gift to Silver. Some of them were red crystals, while others were special plants or items of clothing.
Vorden, who was observing the whole scene, thought it was odd that only the boys were giving gifts and not the girls. Perhaps it was a vampire tradition he wasn't aware of, and since he'd be one of the first lads to be called up, he'd be called up before Logan. He would also have been the first boy to present Silver with nothing.
"Hey, uh... Do you think it'll be okay if I don't have a gift for Silver?" Vorden spoke quietly to Fred, who sat to his left.
Fred took a quick glance at silver to see if she was paying attention to their chat. He didn't want what had just occurred to him to happen again, and he didn't want it to happen to Snow.
"You're going to be OK." Fred replied in hushed tones. "When we found out who our instructor was, we all got together and decided to go into the woods and try to find a gift for her. Silver is well-known for her beauty, but she has yet to find a suitor."
Silver's head moved a little at that point, and Fred straightened up his body and looked ahead as if nothing had gone wrong.
With this piece of information, Vorden had a better understanding of what was going on and why so many vampires were flocking to the school this morning. It was a D class. He felt a little more secure now that he wouldn't be punished for bringing a present. His mind felt at ease, but that tranquility was short-lived.
"Okay, you're next." Silver said as she pointed at Cia.
Vorden was the first boy to be called out of the group, but he wasn't the first one to be pulled out of the group, and he was anxious as he watched Cia get up from her seat, shaking.
'Perhaps Quinn was right, Maybe bringing her to this world wasn't such a good idea after all.' Vorden thought.
As she went up to the front, everyone noticed how much her legs were shaking. It was unusual for one to act like this, sure some of them were nervous but not at this point.
"My name is Bia," she introduces herself. They had anticipated something like this, so they instructed everyone to use fictitious names that Logan had created on the computer. Logan, on the other hand, was not particularly inventive when it came to name calling, opting to simply modify one letter of everyone's name to begin with the letter B.
If they used their first names, the vampires would have a hard time finding them because there were so many individuals named Vorden and Logan in the globe. Their surnames were well-known.
Still, Vorden couldn't help but shake his head at the dreaded naming sense that Logan had come up with.
Cia found the next section to be the most difficult. She recalls them asking a similar question at the institution. The robot had requested Vorden to proclaim his ancestors, selecting a number between one and thirteen at random. Regardless of the number Cia chose, the others agreed to do the same.
That way, if they were often together, it would make more sense to the rest of the class.
"And I come from the tenth family." She said, picking a random number.
The tone in the room changed abruptly, and Vorden overheard what Fred had said sitting next to him.
"No wonder she was so frightened when she walked up."
This was the first time Fred had said such a thing, and such a strange reaction, and the atmosphere was felt in the room.
"I just wanted to remind everyone." Silver said. "That at this school, as long as I'm your teacher, it doesn't matter from what home you come. You are all deemed to be in the Pooling stage by me. You can get out of that by going to school." She then turned to face Cia and placed her hand on her shoulder, as if to soothe her. "If you work hard in my class, there's a strong possibility you'll be able to attract the attention of the other families and make a difference."
The Introductions continued and the atmosphere soon turned normal, with a few people chatting here and there and people clapping once an introduction was complete. Then another vampire boy came up to the front. He declared his gift to Silver like the rest and then stated his number as ten.
All of a sudden it changed once again, and Silver had to remind the others to clap, as he quickly rushed off to head back to his seat. Then finally, it came to the point where it was 
Vorden's
 turn.
While walking he started to think about whether or not he should say a different number based on the others' reaction. But they had already decided beforehand.
"My name is… B..B...B" for a second Vorden, stuttered at how ridiculous his name sounded, but he had to do it. "My name is Borden and I'm from the tenth family."
He quickly went to his seat before anyone could clap or do such a thing and allowed the introductions to continue.
"Hey, don't worry about being in the tenth's family." Fred said. "We'll look after you and make sure nothing happens."
Vorden knew it, something indeed was different about the tenth family compared to all the others, but the question was, what?
Finally, it was time for the last person in the class, Logan. When he came up his introduction was quick and sweet.
"My name is Bogan and I'm from the tenth family."
As he sat down, Silver could finally start her lesson.
"Okay everyone, now that the introductions are over, I thought it would be best if we did something more practical for our first lesson, and something you might all enjoy and find fun."
Silver went ahead to write on the digital board and the words read out…
"Lesson 001, how to drink blood."
*****