Hearing the name of the first lesson that the group needed to attend caused a panic in all of their brains. They read the words slowly to make sure they didn't miss anything, but it definitely said, "How to Consume Blood."
'Does this mean, we might have to actually drink blood?' Cia thought as she gulped down.
Typically, the first day's lesson consisted of ice breaking and getting to know one another. Or maybe a friendly tour of the school. They quickly realized, however, that this was not a typical school. As a result, they would not be able to participate in regular classes here, such as Math and English. More than likely, they would be learning about biology, specifically human biology.
Silver led the class to one of the school gyms after informing everyone about the day's lesson. The gym was fairly large when they entered, and with only about twenty or so students, it felt even bigger. However, the three of them immediately noticed something spread out across the floor... something that almost made their stomachs churn.
They might have done it if it hadn't been for the fact that all they'd eaten were Logan's tiny little food pills.
Something that could only be described as a human body lay on the floor. Five bodies were evenly spaced across the floor in the shape of a star. The students were ecstatic when they saw such things.
"Whoa, are they really human bodies?" Someone asked.
"I've never seen a human before? They look like us, right?'
"Don't you think they look kinda the same. "
"You idiots, of course, that's not a human body."
Silver moved to the center of the gym, picking up one of the bodies on the floor, and with a small menacing glance towards the chatty students, they immediately began to quiet down. "As some of you may have guessed, this is not a real human body. Our science department has created a material that almost perfectly mimics the way human flesh reacts."
Logan briefly considered whether all of the bodies they had seen in the glass container were also made of this so-called replicated flesh, but he quickly changed his mind. Quinn's system had confirmed it, and the wendigos would have recognized the difference. Logan, too, noticed a distinct difference between the ones here and the ones in the glass container, and that difference was the smell.
Real human bodies rotted away. Humans were also able to develop a material that could mimic skin and organs. Doctors frequently used it for training, but Logan never expected to see one in a place like this, being used in this manner.
"The bodies have also been filled with a fake liquid that is the same consistency as blood." Silver continued to explain. "For obvious reasons, on the first day we have decided to avoid using real blood. We know some of you might not have as much control, or a strong will as others, and we wouldn't be so cruel as to subject you to such things on your first day."
Some of the students looked a little nervous before and now felt a little relieved after she had said that.
"Many of you will never see a human in your life, while others will have jobs that require you to interact with them. Still, if an emergency ever arises, we must learn how to extract blood from our victims without being discovered. Is there a better way to extract blood?" Silver inquired as she looked around the crowd, eventually deciding to point towards Vorden.
"Me,"
"Yes, you, Borden." Silver said.
Hearing that name, wanted to make Vorden hit himself, but right now he had to come up with a good answer.
"Erghh, your fangs?"  Vorden replied, pointing to his mouth .
"Perhaps I should have phrased the question differently." Silver stated. "Yes, using our fangs is the most efficient way to consume blood. They can easily pierce the skin and use our saliva to cover up the wound, but does anyone know what the problem is with that?"
She waited a few moments to see if anyone would raise their hand, but in the end, no one did.
"It's true you wouldn't know, but the majority of you consume blood form packs provided to you by your family." When we bite into our victims with our teeth, a hormone is released into the human body. This gives them a sensation of extreme pleasure, as if they had taken a drug. One or two times is fine, but if you do this to a victim multiple times, they will seek you out for more.
"You also have to be careful, as there are some people who are easily addicted. It might even just take one bite to have such an effect. So instead, Sliver then pulled out her hand and showed one finger, her nail then started to slightly extend into a sharp point. Placing it on the dummy's forearm, she made a small cut, and the fake red blood-like liquid followed. After placing her finger in her mouth, she covered the wound, and it slowly started to heal.
"This will be the contents of today's lesson. You must learn how to extend and harden your nail to easily perform a cut that can penetrate through a human's skin. There are more things that you will need to learn in the future, of course, how to subdue a human without them noticing, how to clear their memories after. What are the negative effects and side effects to major memory loss, but for now it will just be this.
"These dummies are extremely difficult to make, and the material is costly to obtain. As a result, we only have five of them. I'd like you to quickly form groups of five and surround one of the dummies for practice. I'll be stopping by to give you some pointers and see how you do. Do you follow me?"
"Yes!" the boys shouted, while the girls answered in a more calm manner.
As most vampires chose to stay with people from the same family, groups began to form quickly. Because the city was quite large, not everyone knew each other, but most of them did because their parents were also members of the same family.
With the three of them, they only needed to find two more, but judging by the reaction of everyone, Vorden knew it was going to be a hard one.
"How are we going to do this?" Vorden mumbled
"We'll just be really bad at it." Logan responded, knowing he was asking about breaking the dummy's skin. Instead of waiting, he had already begun recruiting, asking people if they wanted to join their group. Even those who appeared to know no one wanted to join their group, despite the fact that everyone needed five people.
Vorden looked around and noticed another shy kid who claimed to be from the tenth family. People appeared to be avoiding him in the same way that they were avoiding them.
Seeing this, Vorden decided to approach him. "Do you want to come with us, Timmy?"
"That would be fantastic." Timmy was overjoyed, he said with a smile. Vorden was reminded of his first meeting with Peter when he saw this and how frail and timid he appeared.
As Logan came back to the group, he could see there was one more person, but he was sure he had asked everyone to join their group, but they had all declined.
"Well, they all said no." Logan said.
"It's expected," Timmy replied. "After all, we're tenths, probably no one wants anything to do with us."
Vorden desperately wanted to ask Timmy what he meant by that, after all, it was the second time he had heard something like that, and it was clear the people were acting strangely towards them, but if he did ask it would also be obvious that he himself wasn't part of the tenth family.
Fred and Snow were already in a full group together, but there were still a few strays looking to join a group, but they were refusing to go to the others. So much so that the strays were now asking if anyone was willing to swap with them.
"Hey, will any of you guys be willing to do a swap?" A boy asked.
"Sorry, man, we're already a.."
"Yeah, I'll swap." Fred said, as he left Snow and the others and decided to head over to Vorden's group
"Hey guys, I came to join 
you lot
, I thought you were all pretty cool this morning, so I thought I would join you." Fred said with a smile. Finally, they had their group of five and it was time to pick a dummy, but as they all walked off to head towards the dummy closest, Cia remained there, still in her spot.
Hearing Silver say something had frozen her in place, and the words "memory loss" had triggered something in her mind. 'Vampires have the ability to erase memories...? Didn't Layla say we used to be on the same team, and Quinn... he's a vampire? Not just any vampire, but a powerful one. Perhaps I'm overthinking it, but is it possible that he erased my memories?"
****