Fred decided it was best if he stayed with the group as they made their way to the canteen. It wasn't because tenth graders were bullied. There was no need for any of that, but they were frequently shunned, pushed to the side, or treated as extra weight.
Some might argue that it was bullying, but not in the physical sense. As a result, Fred felt a little sorry for them. At least the tenths had each other, but it appeared that these guys were losing more than usual.
'Poor guys, especially Bogan. His parents had given up so much that they didn't even bother informing him of his predicament. They may not have taught him much during the homeschooling period.' Fred pondered.
Vampires, unlike humans, were mostly taught by their families, their parents, and sometimes even by whatever courses or routines their family leaders had set up for them. They would then go to school to learn the fundamentals and then go through the initiation process of becoming a vampire adult.
As they entered the canteen, they noticed a long line of students. They're waiting for their food. There were then several long tables that could accommodate a maximum of 26 students. Each table was set up so that the entire class could sit together. The food, however, drew the attention of the others as they entered. Another class had already arrived at one of the tables before them, and they could see what they were eating.
In front of them, there were just various different types of meat and nothing else. The meat seemed to be cooked quite rare, but it was still cooked and it even smelt quite nice even to them. Although it also seemed like there was nothing else but meat. There were no vegetables, or carbs of any sorts.
'Should I tell them I'm a vegetarian?' Cia thought jokingly, but of course even if one was in this type of situation they would need to eat the food just to not raise suspicion.
They felt safe, however as soon as they got closer they noticed something else, something that was by each student's side accompanied by their food. It looked like a juice packet that had been covered in plastic like material, keeping it cold and fresh. But as they saw the students drink up, a red liquid was being shown.
The others were just hoping it wasn't what they thought it was.
"Those packets are fantastic." Looking at them, Fred said. "They only give it to us every two days, but they appear to be treating us on the first day. They also keep the smell in, so anyone who is especially hungry won't go on a rampage."
With those words, they all knew it wasn't the tomato juice they had hoped for, but that it had to be blood. Fred sat across from them at the end of the table, away from the wall, after they had finished eating. They were staring at the food in front of them.
They all started by eating the meat first, ignoring the drink beverage by their side, while Fred took a sip every now and then while eating as well. Still, they couldn't put it off any longer because they had finished their meal and it was now time to drink.
'Raten, you're better than me at this, right?' 'Would you like to switch places with me?' Vorden pondered.
'Hey, I enjoy seeing blood spilled.' I'm not some sicko who enjoys drinking blood; you put yourself in this situation, and you must get yourself out of it. After all, no one knows where that blood came from. You can count me out if it's from a boy, but if it's from that girl from earlier, you might be able to persuade me to take one for the team.'
"It was either now or never." Logan picked up the juice bag and began to inject it into his stomach. It was difficult, but he continued to gulp it down, but it seemed as if his entire body was refusing to take it down, as it appeared to want to return up with the other food he had already eaten.
'It's just tomato juice, it's just tomato juice!'
Trying to convince himself he repeated these thoughts in his head, but the slightly metallic taste in his mouth was a constant reminder of what it really was.
By some miracle and pure will, Vorden placed the now empty pouch back on the table and was done.
"Wow, you must have been really hungry." Fred said. "I guess you're one of those, save the best till the last kind of guys."
Vorden didn't reply, in fact he couldn't reply as he had his head held down to the floor, still trying to purge the memory of the last few seconds out of his mind, because if he didn't there soon would be a big pile of mess in front of him.
Logan looked at the pouch in front of him for a few seconds, before deciding to pick it up, and pass it down the line towards Fred.
"Here, I already had my fill today, I'm trying my best to not drink as much." Logan explained. "Also, think of it as a thank you for helping us all so much."
In an instant, Vorden turned his head. 'You little, why didn't he say that before I started drinking the bl…bloo.. I could have done the same thing.' It was hard to even think about what he had done without being sick.
"Here you go, Timmy." Cia said as she also passed her pouch down to him. "It's the same for me, I already had some this morning."
Timmy's pupils dilated as he turned to face Bia, and for some reason, she appeared more attractive than before. No one had ever done something so lovely for him, or given him something so valuable.
"Thank you, I'll keep this and give it to my parents when I return home." Timmy said. As the group continued to talk Timmy couldn't help but constantly look at Bia out of the corner of his eyes.
However, their meal was soon interrupted by the clanging of a tray that had hit the floor. A few tables away from theirs, the tray could be seen on the floor and a student was standing covered in blood.
"What the heck you do that for!" The student shouted back.
"You traitors don't belong here, you shouldn't even be allowed to sit with us." Another student said,
Then a few more students from the other tables stood up as well.
"Are you referring to our family? Traitors! We're not traitors!" Another yelled.
Then it appears that a few classmates began to support the initial perpetrator, who had thrown the blood on the first student in the first place. Continuing to allege that he and his family members were traitors. The squabbling had persisted.
The teacher stood there in place, watching over them as they finished their meal, making sure nothing else would happen or was being said.
"Are they from the tenth family as well?" Logan asked, assuming it was most likely the case.
"What… Did you people spend your entire lives in the woods or something?" Fred exclaimed in surprise. "I suppose there are vampires like you who are completely clueless to current events and politics. It was predicted that something like this would occur, which is why they believe Silver has opted to attend this institution as well."
Someone from the 13th family apparently planned against the other families; not much is known about the facts, but what we do know is that they all found out in front of everyone. Worse, the pupil was a direct descendent of one of the leaders, someone who was in position to become the next leader."
Logan had a peculiar intuition, but he wanted to confirm it.
"Do you happen to know the name of this student?"
"Yeah." Fred replied. "It was Fex Sanguinis."
****