Layla was becoming concerned as she separated from the others. She had no idea who these girls were and had never met them before, and now she was being hauled away to a separate facility where she would have to attend classes on her own.
Her mind was filled with concern, but not only for herself, but also for Cia. Although it was too soon for them to call each other friends, they had relied on one other thus far. Cia used her as a source of comfort, and Layla exploited her to fuel her abilities.
Her mind was filled with concern, but not only for herself, but also for Cia. Although it was too soon for them to call each other friends, they had relied on one other thus far. Cia used her as a source of comfort, and Layla exploited her to fuel her abilities.
'Come on, Layla, you can do it; it'll be like the first time you went to the military academy.' You were alone back then, too, and it's essentially the same thing. I'm simply pretending to be one of them.'
She didn't want to think about it, but her preparation with Pure and all of her training had prepared her for moments like this. She had rehearsed being false and blending in several times and circumstances, and in all of them, she was on her own.
The girls eventually brought her to the building, which was a few times smaller than the main one, but so were the other two structures she saw people enter. They entered a sort of reception area before proceeding down a corridor and finally into a classroom. What shocked her was that, for such a tiny school, the classrooms felt unusually large.
They were structured in the same way as the classes in the main vampire building. Where each row was taller than the previous one, with the very final row being the tallest. The only difference was that the room was nearly three times larger. Looking around, it looked like there were already fifty or so pupils inside.
And, upon closer inspection, they all appeared to be a little different. There were a pair that resembled each other but were not vampires. Many of them had distinguishing traits that made you realize they weren't quite human. It would be quite hard to conceal.
Looking at these, Layla was beginning to appreciate the fact that her two small horns on top of her head just seemed like bumps. It was readily concealed by shifting her hair or draping a bandana over her head. But she could be herself right now, so there was no reason to be concerned.
"Come on, let's go over there and sit." The blonde girl remarked this while pointing to the front row. Because all of the other students had already taken the remaining seats.
When they came, there were six of them, including Layla, but only five seats were available. The blonde girl had made the decision to go up to one of the other chairs, where a boy was seated.
"Hello, would you mind shifting so that my other friends and I may sit here?"
The boy looked over at the blonde girl, then over at the other girls. He then noticed one of the females had little lumps on the top of her head. Layla.
"If you let me go out with her, I'll relocate." The boy stated this while pointing towards Layla.
The blonde girl began to laugh and smile, but a few seconds later, a fist came down on top of the boy's head. "I told you to move!" She yelled, and the boy hastily fled and moved to another seat, not wanting to be slapped again.
"Girls are scary." He cried as he went away.
The six girls sat together, allowing Layla to sit in the middle and the blonde girl sitting next to her.
"I almost forgot my manners. My name's Amy, by the way. Nice to meet you." She said with a smile.
Layal returned Amy's grin, but she couldn't tell if Amy was a decent person or not. When the boy pointed at her and eyed her in a certain way. Inside her, she had a strange feeling. It wasn't your typical way of looking at someone. Not in the manner she had felt. As a result, she wasn't sure what she wanted to say to the boy, but Amy seemed to have dealt with him already.
'She's strong willed at least, reminds me a little of Erin.' Layla thought.
"Amy, how do I know this is the classroom I'm supposed to be in?" Layla inquired.
"Didn't you read the material they provided you? I know it was a chore. My 
turner
 forced me to do it, claiming that it would benefit me. In any case, it's because this is the only class offered at the institution. As you are aware, there aren't many of us C class subclasses. Furthermore, there aren't enough of them to go to school. In fact, some years they don't even bother with courses, instead instructing the subclasses to wait till there are enough students." Amy elaborated.
Finally, the teacher, who appeared to be quite a gorgeous man, entered. He had short hair, round spectacles on his face, and was dressed in a fine suit, exactly like any other human.
"Hello there everyone, I'm Professor Phil and I will be your teacher for this semester. Now before we start, I want to take a good look at you all and see what we have." Phil said as he started to walk around the classroom and went up and down the rows.
"I see we have a succubus here." Phil said, pointing to one of the students. "Oh a Banshee, and a Witchesse over there…" Then when going back to the front of the class he noticed one of the girls looking down as if she was avoiding eye contact with him. That's when his eyes started to light up, and he held out his hand.
"Do you mind coming up to the front, pretty miss." Phil said. For some reason, Layla found it hard to say no to the teacher, as if his smile was pulling her in. So instead she nodded as she was led to the front of the classroom with everyone else.
"As you all know, it's quite pointless for us to do introductions. Subclasses have no choice when joining a family because they have to follow the person who turned or created them, but that doesn't mean you aren't special. There will be times when you must work with others in your family, or maybe other vampires completely, and that includes each other." Phil explained.
"So it's important that we learn each trait of as many C classes as we can. So, I will ask, does anyone know what… Sorry, what was your name?" Phil asked.
"Layla." She responded, still ashamed as everyone turned to look at her. Logan had added Layla to the computer system as well, but had been cautious not to change her name. After all, he couldn't tell her unless he used the disguise to inform her of her new name.
But if Vorden was here, he would have told Layla that she was lucky to not be called Bayla.
"Can anyone please tell me what Layla is?"
A few students, including the girls at the front, had raised their hands. The girls seemed to know the answer to the question better than the lads. Phil chose one kid and waited for the response.
"A Hannya." The boy replied.
"So, as you know, we have a Hannya here. Now I'd like to emphasize how unique this is; it's unusual to come across a subclass like this. Do you understand why?" When Phil asked the question this time, he didn't allow the others a chance to respond and instead continued to explain. "Because Hannyas are the only vampires known to be able to flip between evolutions on the fly. They have a total of three evolutions from which to pick, and they can alter based on the scenario."
"On top of that, each evolution has a unique set of skills that are better suited to particular settings." They don't just stay in one state; they may switch between them at any time. However, after a specific length of time, they will always return to their original condition, such as the one you see in front of you. Thank you, Layla; please sit down."
Layla dashed away and sat back down in her seat. Phil went on to choose other students at random to come to the front. He'd then do the same thing he did with her. Providing a little more information about each category.
But Layla was far too distracted to focus, as she was busy thinking about what she had just heard from him. It was possible for her to evolve right now, yet so far she hadn't done so once.
Perhaps attending this school was just what she needed.
****