Layla's first lesson of the day had taken a long time. It took a lot longer than she expected. Phil, the teacher, was on the verge of introducing every different C type class he could locate in the room. And it turned out that there were quite a few. There were even a couple that appeared to be the same kind but were actually distinct.
Despite going through all of this, Layla didn't find any of it uninteresting. It seemed as if the words were floating straight into her ears as he talked, and she was doing her best to pay attention to every detail that was said.
During that session, she learned a lot about herself and others that she had never known before. The bad news was that Phil could only explain the fundamentals of things. He was a very informed teacher, but when it came to specific questions regarding each kind, he was a little unclear. Which was to be anticipated given the number of distinct varieties.
However, it was not a major issue. The first day was all about them discovering who they were. In their facility, there was a library with knowledge on each subclass of vampires connected to the category C. The first lecture had lasted quite some time, and it was now time for lunch. However, when they returned, their responsibilities were to learn more about themselves. Phil would be available to assist them clarify anything they needed because some of the texts employed complex terminology.
Layla couldn't wait to get back to class; it was a very different feeling than when she was in military school. She had always thought the classes to be a chore or boring, but she was having a good time here so far. It reminded her of, when she was younger and used to read stories about these things, wanting something like this would happen to her, and here it had.
When lunch arrived, they were permitted to eat outside and take in the sights. Layla had no idea that they were all supposed to bring their own lunch to school. Because each person's diet was unique, an allowance was normally set aside and handed back to the family to sustain the C type subtypes.
The class was held on the grass behind the school, where there were several seats and a few trees.
Despite the fact that everything was so dark, Layla thought it was unusual. It seemed like she was going to school at night. Amy and the other girls had taken a picnic mat with them and opted to sit beneath one of the trees. They then all took out their meals. Layla was relieved that Amy had approached her and been so kind; otherwise, she wouldn't have known what to do, since it appeared that Vorden and the others weren't dining outside, or at least not at the same time.
The girls continued to chat and talk, and that's when Amy noticed Layla wasn't eating anything.
"Did your Turner not give you any food?" Amy asked.
Later, Layla discovered that the word Turner was used to represent the individual who first transformed a human into what they are now. There were once just vampires, and when a vampire transformed a human, they had a chance to fall into one of the subclasses.
Some Subclasses may have offspring, but even their children will work for the person who converted their parents. So anytime someone was referred to as their Turner, they were referring to the original vampire who had converted them or their family. In most circumstances, they would only be allowed to change a human if they reached the vampire noble level, which is required by law. As a result, they and their subcategories would very certainly remain in the same family.
Seeing Layla with no food, Amy offered a part of hers, and it looked like a completely normal dish, with some rice, veg and meat. Layla had been eating the food pills and although she didn't feel hungry, it just wasn't the same as gouging out on a big meal. It was incredibly hard for her to say no, and the two started eating while talking away.
'She really is a nice person after all.' Layla thought.
The conversation between the girls naturally started to move onto one thing, and that was the boys. They were talking about if anyone in their current class had caught their eye, and then they eventually moved onto Layla.
"So Layla, is there anyone you like?" another girl asked.
"There must be, right? You're so popular all the boys already have their eye on you, so you need to be careful." Another said.
"They are?" Layla replied, confused. Layla never considered herself as ugly, but at the same time she was never one of the popular girls at school or at the pure base, honestly, she never had the time to worry about girly things like that. And now that she had two small horns that looked like bumps, she thought that she would never get a boyfriend.
Still, she began to ponder the question deeply, wondering whether there was someone she liked.
"Not anyone..in the class." Layla said quietly.
Amy snapped her fingers as a thought came to her head.
"I know, you were walking with those three vampire boys earlier weren't you, I remember there was that tall hot blonde as well, although he was a little shy."
"Who? Them?" Layla said. "No, no, not one of them."
'Although, there were times when Vorden was nice to me. We didn't get along at first, but he slowly started to get better.' She thought.
"Wait!" Another girl said. "If it's not them, and the reason why you don't want to tell us, is it because it's your Turner? Were you turned directly by him?"
"Yeah, that has to be the case, I hear that a lot of humans were turned by vampires because they fell in love." Another girl replied.
Images of Quinn started to appear in her head, and her face started to heat up and her cheeks started to redden. She ducked her head into her knees wishing to hide the embarrassment.
"Well, that case has been solved. Well, if you were turned directly, then it might actually make some of the boys weary of you. So see that as a good thing." Amy said. "Anyway, if you were turned, who was it, it had to be a vampire noble right, or maybe even higher?"
Not knowing how to reply or what to do, Layla was trying to think of an answer. She didn't know any vampire names, and she couldn't exactly tell them all it was Quinn. But just then a commotion seemed to be happening behind them.
"Oh no, not him." Amy mumbled. "Layla, keep your head down okay."
Not sure what was going on, Layla decided to do as she was asked. It didn't feel at this point that Amy would try to do anything to harm her.
"Well, well, look at all the pretty girls." A boy's voice said. "It was right for me to come over to the C campus. After all, you have the best looking girls in the school."
For some reason, Layla had noticed this too. The C type subclasses were mainly female, in the classroom over 70 percent of them were girls while the rest were boys. Perhaps that also had something to do when her evolution path was being chosen.
"Xander, shouldn't you be at the main building right now? Lunch is nearly over." Amy said.
"Oh Amy." Xander said as he played with his hair a little, making sure it was perfect. "You grow more beautiful by the day, I decided to see if some of your friends here would care to accompany me after school today, besides you know I get away with more than I should, being the most promising student of the school and all."
The girls started to whisper to each other as they now realized who Xander was. He was one of the vampires that belonged to the first family. One of the most skilled and had been invited to also learn their family's ability. They soon realised why he had so much confidence, and it would be good for the girls to get on his friendly side.
However, Amy too belonged to the same family, although her Turner was a different person, they had spent a lot of time growing up together and she never did like the arrogant air he seemed to show.
"Oh, and who's this pretty girl I haven't seen yet, would you care to turn around?" Xander asked.
So far, Layla had been looking in the other direction while sitting underneath the tree, and right now she didn't know what to do. 'It would be strange not to turn around when someone calls you right? What's the worst that could happen?'
As she turned around and Layla's face was in view, something had struck deep in Xander's heart. He gripped his hand over his chest and started to fumble as if he had been hit by an arrow.
"Those cute little horns, the white soft skin, and that innocent look in your eyes!" Xander said.
At this point, Amy wanted to stop it, but there were some things that she couldn't do. Being part of the same family, and Xander being in a higher position than her, if she was to try to do anything she would get into serious trouble.
In his excitement, Xander went forward to grab both of Layla's hands, bringing them close together.
"Please… go out with me!" Xander said.
But the whole thing was too overpowering for her. She had never let someone get this close to her, in her personal space so suddenly without knowing them. She quickly wiggled her hands free and moved back, and as if on instinct she placed both her hands out.
'Spiritual Chains' The black ball came out fast, hitting Xander around the body, tying him up in an instant.
"Good one, Layla!" Amy said as she had now grabbed Layla's hand, "Come on, let's get out of here." All the girls quickly followed as they headed back to the C campus.
Xander could do nothing but wait for the chains to go away as he watched the girls run off. "So you have a little bit of a bark to you, that just makes things better. I will make you mine. It would be an honour for someone like you to go out with me."
****