After lunch, Vorden and the others began to make their way back to their classroom. They went sooner than the others since it appeared that the tables engaged in the incident had been requested to remain behind for a reprimand.
'At the very least, they appear to have greater discipline than our military base.' But, Vorden reasoned, things may improve once they return. After all, Duke had been tremendously influenced, and it was possible that it had transformed him for the better. Also, based on Nathan's reaction, there appeared to be something else going on behind the scenes, as Vorden had suspected.
While heading back through the hallway, the group seemed to be witnessing something happening not too far from their class.
"Hey you, you're from the thirteenth family, aren't you?" The boy said. It appeared that one of the boys was being aggressive to another and had him pinned up against the wall. The boy who was acting as the aggressor was a bit of a pretty boy.
"Xander, my family honestly didn't know what was going on with Fex, we really didn't know. That's why it was decided to strip him of all his titles and relation to the family. So things like this wouldn't happen," The boy said.
Xander, unlike everyone else, had a different motive for bearing a grudge against the thirteenth family, even if the guy tied up against the wall didn't know it. An unnamed Wight had defeated him in combat because of Fex. He'd been humiliated in front of the leader, and it was possible that he'd damaged his prospects of rising up into the main family.
He was blaming Fex and his family instead of the individual who had harmed him. On top of that, he'd just had an altercation with a weird female outside, which had made him feel even weaker, and he needed to blow off some steam. The fact that the student was a member of the thirteenth family made him the ideal target for him.
"That doesn't change the fact that you all could have been plotting something." Xander said.
The back and forth continued and Fred seeing this even pulled a sour face.
"Come on, let's go to class."
However, as Fred rounded the corner on his way to class, he observed that someone else had proceeded to go forward.
The squabbling between the two continued, and it appeared like it had reached a boiling point. Xander clenched his hand, preparing to vent his frustrations on the kid in front of him. Just as the fist was being launched, another came out and pushed the weight of his hand in the exact precise place and timing, causing the punch to hit the wall behind him.
When he looked at who had just done such a thing, he noticed a lovely blonde boy to his right. 
"Wait, what do you think you're doing?" Vorden inquired. He couldn't help but become involved; after all, he was having awful flashbacks of what had happened to Peter. Even with the professors interfering, it appeared that there were still people who were viewed as superior to the rest. Vorden could tell Xander was the sort who didn't give a damn. Why else would he do something like this in public, and why would Fred choose to disregard it?
It was because he felt like he was above the rules.
In his right hand, Vorden held the black sword. Not because he was going to use it to attack, but to activate the skill to give him the strength needed to push the fist aside. Looking at the weapon Xander chuckled.
"Hah, who the hell is this nobody that uses beast weapons to fight, if you had any faith in your strength, you wouldn't use such a thing." Xander replied.
At this point, Xander was getting ready for a fight, and Logan was right there behind him ready to support Vorden if anything was too serious.
However, just then, Silver seemed to have come down the hallway, and hair eyes were staring at Xander like daggers. She noticed the boy he had pinned up against the wall and could guess what was happening.
Seeing this, Xander tutted and returned to his lesson. Because he hadn't technically done anything to the student, there was nothing Silver could get him for, and he and she both knew it. Even so, she couldn't help but stare deep into Xander's soul as he walked away.
She kept staring at him until he walked back inside his classroom.
'Damn, that Bit*h is scary.' Xander thought as he shook the shivers and goosebumps off of his mind.
The young boy quickly said thank you to Vorden before heading back to his own class.
"Thank you Borden, not many would be brave like you to go up against Xander like that." Silver said.
"No worries." Vorden replied as he put his sword away on his back. "I just hate seeing crap like that."
*****
Amy had finally stopped running and let go of Layla's hand as they returned to their school building. She could tell the relaxation on her face had just recently emerged, yet she still seemed anxious about something. She turned around and began to grin as she looked at Layla.
"That was a good one!" Amy said, giving a wink. "That Xander still flaunts himself like he's some big shot. I thought his apparent loss would bring him down a peg or two but then they decided to keep it a secret from everyone, and he's still the same as he always is."
"What do you mean?" Layla asked.
"Oh, huh, Don't worry I was just mumbling to myself." Amy Replied. "But seriously, that guy is a perv, do you best to stay away from him. Unfortunately, because we are part of the same family I can't really do much, and the other girls won't be able to stick up to him either." Amy then went in to whisper in her ear.
"Actually, they might even turn on you to get on his good side." She whispered. "But if anything happens, then it might be best to tell your Turner, I'm sure he's strong enough to sort him out."
Although Layla was not too sure. She had no clue how strong the regular vampires were. The only two she had ever seen fights were Quinn and Fex. If Layla was in trouble with the top student at school, would Quinn really be able to beat him? She thought.
With the strange encounter over, the group decided to head back to class as promptly as possible. Inside the class, Phil was already waiting for them. Once all of the kids had returned, a quick head count was done, after that, it was time for them to head to the library. The task was already explained beforehand, so when they entered, they were allowed to go ahead and try to find as much information as possible.
The library wasn't very large and there were only a total of around six shelves with books on them, but then when thinking about it. This was all the information they had on C Sub classes. Which meant there was quite a lot of information there if they thought about it further.
The girls split up, as they too were interested to find out as much as they could about themselves. After all, sometimes their Turners didn't know much either. Even Quinn was only able to give Layla basic information about what she was.
Going through the library was simple because the books were organized alphabetically. When she went to the H department, she needed to search for anything related to her kind, but there was only one book she could discover.
She looked at the front and the book was titled. "The truth about Hannya." When looking down at who had written it, she noticed that the name at the bottom had been scratched off.
She found it odd, and just to be sure picked up another book next to it. But this one was completely fine and said the name of the author like every other book seemed to do.
Still, for now she decided she would start to read it. The book wasn't very big and mainly just had details about the Hannya themselves. The first one was about the regular Hannya, the Hannya Nanmanari, this was what Layla currently was. All the information that was written in the book was exactly as both Quinn and Logan had described.
This made her feel confident that the contents of the book were accurate, then when moving onto the next page, information on the second stage evolution was shown. Chunari Hannya. A mid-level vampiric demon. They have long sharp horns, tusks like fangs and more powerful magic.
Layla was disturbed even more after reading the account of the progression. If she evolved, she would appear much more hideous than she did now, according to the sounds of things. The one redeeming grace was that each transformation was only temporary, and she would always revert to her original Namanari form.
Although, as she read on, it appeared that they did have more powerful magic and spiritual spells, but didn't go into much detail. The next evolution, Honnari Hannya, was on the next page. These have serpentine bodies and can breathe fire. They are swift and agile in this form, with a high level of resilience, but they can no longer cast spiritual spells.
'No, no, no! Does this mean I'll look like a snake woman if I turn into this? There is no way I'm ever going to evolve into that.' Layla thought.
Then finally as she turned the last page, there seemed to be a small bit of writing but nothing else.
"The fourth form of the Hannya has yet to be recorded. My research has only taken me this far and unfortunately there aren't many to observe. All though I have a friend who is willing to help me, so the information on this shall be written down in a second book."
Layla closed the book after reading this and noted it seemed rather ancient, and then there was a publication date. It was over a century ago that it was written.
'Shouldn't the second book be finished by now then?' She thought.
But no matter how hard she looked, she couldn't locate anything. Instead, she figured that if she searched by author, she may discover anything, so she took the book and went to Phil, who was standing in the center of the library, keeping an eye on all the kids.
"Um, sir, I was wondering if you know who wrote this book, I'm trying to see if there was anything else he wrote." Layla asked.
"Oh, let's see." Phil replied, taking the book off her. Immediately, he noticed that the author's name had been scratched out.
"Actually Layla, the scratched out author's name means the book wasn't even meant to be in here in the first place. Maybe it slipped through because you're the only Hannya we have had in a long time." Phil said with a smile.
"Oh, but then do you know who wrote it?" She asked again.
"Unfortunately not." He said with a smile.
As Layla walked away knowing there was nothing else she could do, she decided to try to look at other books about subclasses that were similar to hers.
'I believe the scratched out name signifies it belongs to him. I'm curious how long it will take before you're fully erased from vampire history." Phil pondered. "Even now, your legacy lives on since you were the founder of these structures. '
*****