Quinn could feel his heart beating as he took one step at a time up the stairs. He knew he was at the right place as he looked up at the black sky. He didn't feel fully at home here, yet something felt a bit familiar to him. He wasn't sure whether it was just in his brain, or if it was the vampire half of him beckoning to him, but he didn't feel out of place or terrified.
He had finally planted his foot on solid ground as he reached the top, and it appeared that he had finally arrived outdoors. When he turned around to check what he had come out of, he noticed the stairway with the slanted door leading somewhat underground, resembling a bunker.
He had no idea where he was or what he was doing. There was a forest with dark gray foliage and a sky with only a solitary moon visible from his position.
"Is this the vampire world?" Quinn asked.
"It certainly looks like it." The system replied.
"What do you mean?" Quinn said. "I thought you said the vampires originally lived on earth?"
"I did, and what I said was the truth, but we had established our separate place. Designed for us and the trees you see here were something that could only be found in that special place. I'm starting to wonder how they managed to move everything over."
Only knowing that he was in the forest, Quinn decided to see if he could try to get up high to some vantage point. Looking at the trees around him, he went and tried to find the biggest and tallest tree. Most of them were the same size, but if he got to the top, he should be able to see quite far, especially with his vision.
It didn't take long for him to scale the tree with his powerful hands. He had finally reached the top and could look outward after jumping from branch to limb, making his footfall as light as possible, like a monkey. Behind him was a gigantic mountain that appeared to be a couple of miles away, but he could eventually see it on the other side.
The large castle that stood in the middle and the several other castles that surrounded it. The Vampire settlement.
"It's a lot bigger than I thought," Quinn said.
For some reason, Quinn had in his head that the vampires were a sort of selective small group. Maybe there were only thirteen households or families, but looking at this, it was an entire large city. Before Quinn had asked the system questions about this, but truthfully the system said it didn't know and didn't want to give an unrealistic expectation.
"This is…" The system seemed to mumble quietly. "It's the same. It's the same as it was when I remembered it before, but how is that possible."
"If you don't know, how do you think I'm meant to know?" Quinn replied.
Given how enormous and majestic the city was, Quinn reasoned that going directly to the city would not be the best thing to do. Using one of his masks, he decided to send a message to the others to see if they would respond, but there was no response after a time.
Closing his eyes, he felt a connection with Layla and knew she was safe. Peter, on the other hand, could feel nothing even though they were on the same planet. But he wasn't going to let that get to him. The system had told him that if he was placed in the cells, they would deliberately try to disrupt the link. This way, no one would know where he was and they wouldn't be able to accomplish what they were attempting to do.
"We still have time then," Quinn said.
Looking around, still, at the top, he decided to explore what more he could accomplish. Perhaps there was a beast he could kill to obtain experience. He would have liked to be at the vampire noble level before coming to the city and doing anything, and his level up was now quite near.
There was the mountain, but it appeared to be in the other direction of the city, and he didn't want to travel too far, especially if he suspected the others were in danger and he sensed something was wrong with Layla.
When he looked around, he noticed an area with fewer trees than usual. He could also hear the sound of rushing water not far away if he listened attentively. Water was essential for the survival of all living creatures, even monsters. So there would almost certainly be monsters in that region.
He quickly made his way to the rushing water by hopping from tree branch to tree branch till he arrived. It appeared to be a river, and it was clear blue like typical water.
Nonetheless, he patiently waited among the trees to see if he could notice anything. Soon after, what appeared to be a little white rabbit with a horn on top of its head arrived. It jumped over to the lake and took a leisurely look around to see if anything was there.
Then it popped its mouth into the water and started to lick the water away.
“Well, it might not give much exp, but at least it's something.' Quinn thought, but before doing anything, Quinn decided to wait for a little. After all, there was a chance a bigger prey might come for the bunny.
That's when he started to notice unusual movements in the water, but it was a little too late as then a loud snapping sound was heard, and black blood splattered in the beast's mouth.
Quinn could no longer see the small rabbit, and all he could see out of the water was a bizarre crocodile, snake-like thing. It had a crocodile's body and a snake's neck, but when it came to the head, it reverted to a crocodile's body with formidable jaws but a snake's tongue.
It was a strange-looking monster he'd never seen before.
'Now that should give me some good exp!' Quinn thought.
The snake crocodile had returned to the river, leaving Quinn to consider the best approach to entice the monsters out of the water and kill them. He was thinking about it when he noticed another horned rabbit approaching.
"Perfect."
However, there wasn't just one one-horned rabbit, soon after another appeared from the trees. Eventually, it seemed like there was a whole army of them. Then finally, behind the twenty or so rabbits a single black horned rabbit appeared although it looked different compared to the rest.
A black type of smoke appeared around its body, and its eyes were red. A spiral pattern could be seen across its feet going up towards its neck and its body was roughly double the size of the others.
The black rabbit started to make a few squeals and the other rabbits started to move in towards the river. It was clear just from watching this that the black rabbit was the leader of the other rabbits.
The white rabbits then stood just at the edge, waiting while the black rabbit stood slightly behind them, and was bent over on its fours with its horn pointed outward.
The movements in the water could then be seen once more. Quinn decided to keep an eye on the situation since he found it intriguing. What precisely were the odd bunnies up to? It was unusual to see monsters with intellect unless they were of a high level or humanoid form, such as the king tier beast previously.
The beast then snapped up again, and this time the bunnies were prepared. The beast's head had bitten nothing but thin air when he sprang back at the correct time. After evading the assault, all of the bunnies leaped on the
The horn on top of the black rabbit's head began to dribble slightly as it lighted up in blue. Little sparks began to fly off the trumpet as if it was charging. Its ruby eyes began to shine.
A shriek was heard from the Black rabbit's lips, and the white rabbits reacted once again, releasing the beast's head. It shot up in the air, and at that same time, a single bolt from the black rabbit's horn pierced a massive hole in the crocodile beast's skull.
It had little chance against the onslaught and fell into the water, dead as it drifted down the river.
'Wait, why did the rabbits kill the beast, was it just for revenge on the first rabbit? If that's the case, then these rabbits are clever beasts, especially the black one."
Looking at the black rabbit, Quinn used his inspection skill.
[Inspect]
[Black horned rabbit]
[Class: Familiar]
[New quest received, defeat the rabbit for an instant level up]
This was the second time he had seen a familiar-like creature, and it was the level-up reward he needed.
*****