The Black rabbit was cradled in the person's arms like a newborn baby. It wasn't simply sitting there calmly. Instead, it appeared to be shivering away, afraid rather than frightened.
"Oi, look what you did to my familiar!" The person shouted. "You've completely scared her, she's frightened out her boots, she won't stop shaking."
The black rabbit, turned its head towards Quinn, and he wasn't sure if he was imagining it or not, but it felt like he could see a smile on its face.
Quinn looked at the boy in front of him, and certainly, he believed "boy" was the appropriate term to describe him. Based on his looks, he could only conclude that the vampire was relatively young. He was around the same height as Logan. Quinn was roughly 178 cm tall, neither particularly short nor tall, yet both the guy in front of him and Logan came just beneath his chest.
He had ash grey hair that was brushed back and reminded him of Fex, but the back of his hair was spiked out. As though the boy was constantly sprinting into the wind and had become trapped in that position. In terms of clothing, they appeared to be dressed in the same way as any other youngster their age would have, in a dark shirt and pants.
"Hey! Hey! Are you ignoring me? What are you going to do about this!" The boy said. "Are you going to compensate for this crap?" Although the boy didn't sound it, he was very cautious of the man standing in front of him. He hadn't moved from his spot, and if he thought he was going against a regular vampire, perhaps he would have taught them a lesson through a physical beating.
He had decided to be careful because his blood wall had been breached by a blood swipe. His blood shield had been breached by one of the most basic and weak blood strikes a vampire could conduct. He could tell the guy in front of him wasn't a vampire nobility by smell. Although all vampires emitted a distinct scent or hormone that could be distinguished from humans, it differed somewhat with each evolution.
So, how did he manage to breach his blood wall? That's when he realized the vampire in front of him couldn't be any ordinary vampire, but rather a vampire like himself. One of the thirteenth generation's direct descendants.
"Sorry!" Quinn shouted back. "I didn't know that was yours, it looked…Interesting."
The boy clenched his teeth, wanting to respond, wanting to snap... "Interesting?", 'He attempted to murder and assault his familiar because he found it interesting? 'Did he think it would make a good snack?'
He had recently started taking anger management lessons, and he began to put it into practice by envisioning his happy spot.
He closed his eyes and was taken into a chamber filled with beast crystals, which slowly swam away in a heap, up and down, jumping into them like a ball pit. "Oh, the life..."
'This boy is a little strange.'
When he placed the black rabbit on the floor, it began to change into a small black mist. It moved towards the boy's neck, finally forming a black collar. Quinn recognized it as his familiar when he saw this. Unlike his own, the youngster has converted into a real thing, similar to Fex's earring.
The boy started walking up to him and held out his hand.
"If you are sorry then pay me." He said. "Give me some beast crystals or.." He then looked to his left and looked to his right checking if there was anyone nearby, "a blood crystal if you have one of those." He Whispered.
Quinn began to recall the mission he had gotten to vanquish the familiar as he looked at the tiny youngster. Familiars, if he remembered properly, would not die. Would he have gained his quick level increase if he had slain the black rabbit? Or did the mission imply murdering the boy to complete the task?
If that would be the case, Quinn would be foolish to participate. Even though he thought he was stronger than the vampire in front of him, he knew nothing about him or who he was. If the boy went missing, they may send out a search team or be aware that someone was assaulting them.
They had no choice but to stay low until they had obtained all of the necessary information.
"Oh, I know," Quinn said as if he had an ‘eureka’ moment. "I saw a cave down the road, it had tons of crystals over there."
As he drew his hand back, the boy's face scrunched up and he began to sweat.
"Wait…Wait, you saw that!"
'Bingo.'
Quinn thought this would be the case, he couldn't imagine the black rabbit caring about the crystals. After finding out it was a familiar belonging to someone else, it now made sense what it was doing. What surprised Quinn was how well one could control a familiar to do its bidding. It is practically farming crystals for him.
'I wonder if I will be able to control the Bonelaw till the point it can do what I want?' Then Quinn remembered the subtle text when reading about the Boneclaw, about subtle desires. Did all the familiars work like this? Maybe the boy's wish in front of him was to gather beast crystals, so that's what it was happy to do.
While the Boneclaw was meant to complete his darkest desires, not wanting to not think about it anymore, he tried to move the question onward.
"Fine!" The boy shouted. "We’re even, thanks for telling me about that, I'll check it out later." Although he tried to keep his voice straight, he couldn't help but allow it to shake slightly. At some point, he would have to move the crystals somewhere else. He wanted to divert the stranger's attention away from what he had witnessed.
"So I'm guessing you haven't found a familiar yet, is that why you were going after mine?" The boy asked. "You know, you don't have to beat them into submission. Familiars are cleverer than beasts. Sometimes you can just talk with them and make some type of deal. If you haven't found one now, then you don't have much time left until we have to head to class."
"Class?" Quinn replied. "I'm sorry but I'm not a middle schooler."
"What!" The boy shouted. "You idiot you thought that because I was a shrimp didn't you? You're a descendant right. That's why you're out there looking for a familiar. It's not my fault that you didn't complete the assignment before school starts. I thought it was pretty rough of them as well. Asking all of us to go out and search for a familiar."
Hearing this, Quinn decided to ask the system if he knew more details, and it turned out he did.
"It appears that, despite the passing years, the vampires are still carrying on as they always have." The computer system responded. "Keep in mind what I stated previously. Only vampire offspring and vampire leaders may have a familiar. They were typically segregated from the main school during my period since there were various things to teach and learn. And one of the first jobs is normally to seek out and locate their own familiar."
"Can there be more than one descendant in every family?" Quinn asked.
"Yes, it's quite normal for them to have many in case something happens to them. Some leaders didn't even know who their offspring were and who wasn't, instead focused on the strongest."
Thinking about it, if Fex had a familiar, that meant he was a direct descendent as well. Not only that, but they didn't seem to know each other very well. Otherwise, the person in front of him would have identified Quinn as a fraud. Instead, he suspected Quinn was one as well, maybe due to his strength.
Maybe if he was to join their classes, he could see if anyone else knew any information about what exactly happened to Fex.
"Actually," Quinn replied, doing as the system told him. He turned around and slightly pulled down his shirt showing the circle marking on his back. "I already have a familiar."
"Oh! Oh!, so you just tried killing my black rabbit for fun I see. I see!" the boy was saying in an angry tone. If it wasn't for the fact the person in front of him knew about his stash of crystals, he would have done something by now.
"That was an accident, let's start again. My name is Buinn." When trying to come up with a name, Quinn didn't know why, but his head was telling him that the easier thing to do was just to place a B in front of his name.
Letting out a bit of hot air from his head, the boy finally replied. "I'm Rokene."
With that, Quinn placed his hand forward, suggesting Rokene lead the way, and the two of them headed towards the particular training area for descendants. There was a second reason he decided to take this training up, and that was because if they told the others to get their familiars now, then maybe he would also be able to learn how to control his.
****