Quinn headed to the camp with Rokene, and there were a few things he had learned about him in the little time they had been together. They had plenty of time before they reach their destination, so they walked calmly both lost in their thoughts.
Thinking about it, perhaps learned isn't the right word, but Quinn could claim he now had some ideas regarding his current brief companion. When he thought of him, the first thing that came to mind was anger.
Rokene was able to find fault with a few things as they were traveling through the forest to an unknown spot as far as Quinn was concerned. And if this happened, he'd make sure you knew about it. Shouting, swearing, and, sometimes, growling.
Even now he seemed to have found another fault.
"Why do I have to take part in this whole training thing anyway!" Rokene said. "I already know how to use a familiar, just let me do my assessment to become an adult vampire already."
Quinn, on the other hand, had no idea what he was talking about. He was listening intently to see if he could pick up on any signs about what he was about to walk into. Aside from that, he considered his sudden outburst amusing.
During their journey, Quinn had found out that Rokene had had the black rabbit for a while now and it was the reason he was able to use it so well. But whenever questions were directed at him, he would do his best to avoid them. Still, it didn't seem Rokene was that interested in Quinn in the first place which was a good thing.
Some descendants would naturally come across familiars as they grew up, or families would even risk forming a contract with them at a young age. Although this method was more dangerous and had a higher chance of the familiar killing its partner. If the contract was successfully formed they had more time to form a stronger bond.
They eventually exited the strange-looking forest and entered a more well-planned open field region. The open field was odd, since it appeared to be exactly square, and the regular trees could be seen all over the side. It seemed as if someone had arrived and put a football pitch in the middle of the forest.
There appeared to be multiple tents put up on opposing sides of the open field in a row. A bigger tent was at the end of the row, and in front of it stood a solitary adult male vampire. He appeared to be rather young, with short purple-black hair and a mole just behind his right eye, yet his expression was solemn, never moving, and he appeared to be unaffected even by a strong gust of wind.
'Are all the adult vampires like this?' Quinn thought, as so far the only two adult vampires he had seen were Silver and this man, and they both seemed pretty serious.
In front of him, a few students had gathered, some sitting on the floor, some standing around waiting. There were only about five or so, and Quinn and Rokene quickly went over to join them. The others turned their heads to look at the two newcomers but quickly turned back as if they weren't interested.
"Hey it's okay, I don't like any of you sad people either," Rokene said back to them, but they continued to ignore him. Even if he didn't know all of them, it seemed like the few he did know,  didn't like him.
Although Quinn could perhaps understand why the others wouldn't want to be friends with a person like him, Quinn thought Rokene wasn't that bad. He just liked to express his feelings a bit more than others. Saying his moans and complaints out loudly, as if there was no filter between what should have been said in his head and what he should say on the outside.
They waited, and the two now didn't say much now that the others were around, and quite honestly, Quinn was a little nervous that the instructor would find out he wasn't one of them, but according to Rokene, it was only the first day.
The system had also stated that not much information would be kept on the direct descendants on who they were or what they looked like. Because of the power struggles between each of the families, and the possible assassination attempts. This type of information would usually be kept secret from others, and that included the location of the training. Which perhaps explained the reason why they were doing it in the middle of the forest, rather than in a school.
Looking at the instructors and sensing his smell, he smelt different from the others that were around them. It was a smell he had only smelt once before, and that was when Silver had come to visit him. Which meant these two were at the same evolution as each other.
Getting caught or being the center of attention wasn't exactly the best idea, and perhaps staying next to the unpopular loud mouth, was what he needed. As others who were arriving also wished to have nothing to do with him.
After a few minutes of waiting, more and more students arrived, bringing the total to twenty-four. Quinn was surprised because it didn't appear to be a typical school where everyone was the same age. It was obvious that there was a significant gap. Some appeared to be roughly twelve years old, and not simply due to their height, as Rokene did. Others appeared to be about the age of twenty-three.
Which meant there had to be some type of requirement that was needed for them to be invited to the training. Was it their strength? If he was to take the words of what Rokene had said earlier, he was talking about the assessment to ascend to vampire adulthood. Perhaps that was another way of saying they were about to evolve into becoming a vampire noble.
If that was the case, it meant the people around him would be some of the strongest, vampires at the vampire stage, at the peak just before evolving. Seeing all the kids of different ages, Quinn started to think about himself. He was still sixteen and soon in a week or so it would be his birthday, turning him into seventeen.
He had a crazy sixteenth year, and he was sure he would remember it for the rest of his life, but he had been so busy with everything he had even forgotten about his birthday, and it looked like he would be spending it in a completely different world.
"Alright everyone, line up!" The instructor shouted.
Those that were lazing around on the floor, standing slightly off to the side, and a little at the back, immediately got into position, standing in a row one after another.
"You were all given the briefing by your families about what you were to do before arriving today, So I will ask you all who are here, who have not been successful in acquiring a familiar?"
Looking to his left and looking to his right, Quinn was waiting to see who would put their hand up. It seemed like at first they were a little reluctant to, but there were some with nervous looks on their faces and the first person eventually raised their hand.
"Don't be scared, it does not matter if you have failed this task. It was expected of you in the first place." The instructor said.
After hearing this, more students started to put their hands up, and five eventually stepped forward, two boys and three girls.
"This will be a good experience for you all." The instructor explained. "One day when you run your own families, you might have to do what we will now be doing today. For the students that haven't been able to capture a familiar out in the open. We will be summoning one and forming a contract with them, right here and right now."
*****