"First before we proceed any further, it's important I tell you all a bit about myself." The instructor shouted in a loud booming voice. "This is so you guys know you are getting the appropriate training and you can decide for yourself whether or not I am someone worth listening to. I am Clark Talon, Vampire knight of the fourth family, the Talons. As you know, every year it is the duty of one of the families to send a vampire knight out to train the descendants and this year it is the fourth family's turn, and I have chosen for these two months to focus on familiar training."
Raising his arm straight out to his right he kept it straight, and slowly his fingertips started to turn black, and a mist started to form until eventually, what could only be described as a demonic-looking raven appeared on the top of his hand. "This here is my familiar. Although I am no longer a descendent in line to become a leader due to becoming a vampire knight, I once was like all of you. I have quite the experience when it comes to things like this."
Snapping his finger, the Raven completely disappeared in a second. It was clear he had complete control over it. Something that Quinn wanted as well. He didn't even know how to summon his familiar, that would be the first step before even thinking about controlling it.
The instructor Clark then pulled out a square black mat that was one square meter in size and appeared to have a strange circle drawn on it in red. The circle had even more circles drawn inside overlapping each other and strange patterns going throughout.
"A summoning circle." The system said. Although Quinn wanted to ask the system some questions, he couldn't right now as he was too focused on what the instructor was saying.
"For those who have not been successful in capturing, or simply subduing, a familiar, we shall attempt to make a contract utilizing this, a summoning circle. While using this, the bridge between our world and the familiar world will be able to build a link. Everything has already been planned, and all you need is a single drop of blood from the person who wishes to conduct the summon. Once that is in place, we will begin the contract bonding process."
One of the female students then raised her hand as she heard of this.
"But Sir, if we could have received our familiars this way, then why did we need to go out for the last week or so hunting looking for one ourselves? Isn't this a lot easier?" She asked.
"Thank you for asking the question and I will explain," Clark said. "You see, when you drop your blood, it will show your desires and wants, sending them through to the other world. Those interested will come rushing forward at once, and the first one to arrive will form a contract. Unfortunately, the vampire has no choice.
"The familiars that are out here and have been in our world have had time to adapt, they understand human ways more and are more likely to be powerful. There is also the chance to choose which familiar you want based on your skills. Besides, the stronger familiars would like to know more about you than just your blood. Sometimes familiars have other factors that they are looking for, we still do not understand everything about them. If I'm honest, it is unlikely when summoning a familiar this way, that a strong one will appear. It is more likely that it will attract the desperate ones that wish to leave that place."
Hearing these words, the five on the stage looked a little depressed but chose not to say anything. In truth, if they were to cause a fuss then Clark would have explained further but didn't wish to embarrass them in front of everyone if he didn't need to. The truth was if they had been out looking for a familiar on the outside for a week and weren't able to find one, then more so than not, none of them were interested in them in the first place.
A familiar was able to sense those that it might be well in tune with and will actively go out to seek one. With the explanation all done, it was time for the process to begin. The students formed a line, and a blade was used to cause a small cut on their finger, dripping it into the center of the magic circle.
The circle started to light up bright red, and while this process was happening, the student would continue to mumble. "Please be a strong one, please be a strong one."
When the light went out, all of the students could see what had appeared. His familiar had arrived in front of him. It was pink in color and as huge as a snake, writhing around on the floor, yet it lacked facial features, eyes, and a tongue. Just a pink writhing creature on the floor.
"Hey is that a worm?" Rokene said quite loudly. It caused some of the other students to chuckle a little, as it did just look like a giant worm.
"A familiar is not everything, even if one is as pathetic or weak as this, you can still focus on your skills," Clark said. "Remember, there are plenty of vampires that make it to a higher level even without a familiar."
The next set of students had arrived doing the same thing one after another, and several other familiars were seen. Not all of them looked incredibly weak like the first. There was a wolf for one, a strange butterfly looking for another, and a few more. Whatever the case was, they all knew they were now stuck with these as their familiars and they could choose to use them or not.
With the weaker familiars, it would be harder for them to disobey in the first place. They were happy they were outside and were unlikely to go against their master and try to kill them.
Everyone went back in line and had lined up once again.
"Okay, so now I wish to see all your familiars in their closed form. What I mean by this is the form it takes before it is summoned. I will be going around asking you what familiar each of you has while looking at the closed form."
Clark would go around looking at their closed forms, then if they could, he would ask them to conjure it directly in front of him. He assured everyone that it didn't matter if they couldn't summon it for the time being. It was merely that he could generally tell what kind of familiar it was just by looking at the closed shape.
But even he hadn't seen every familiar in existence, this way, he would be able to broaden his knowledge, trying to remember their closed forms that matched their appearance.
Quinn noticed that most of the students were unable to summon their familiar so far, with a few exceptions. Then it came to Rokene's turn. Summoning the black rabbit was an easy task for him, and he had a smug look on his face as he lifted his nose high for everyone to see.
"Very good Rokene, as expected, and the familiar seems to like you well."
Finally, standing by his side, it was Quinn's turn. The strange looks the two had given each other didn't go unnoticed by both of them, and now it felt a little awkward as the two had come face to face.
"Please," Clark said.
Looking around, Quinn noticed there was a girl in the row behind him, as well as one to his side, but he had no choice. His marking was on his back, underneath his shoulder blades. The only way he could show it was by lifting his shirt and turning around, and that's what he did.
Closing his eyes out of embarrassment, Quinn was unable to see the reaction of the two girls next to him, but as they saw his perfectly crafted abs as if it was a sculpture, they flushed a bit. It wasn't normal for a vampire to have such a toned body, especially one around Quinn's age, and all the girls couldn't help but try to take a peek, getting excited as they imagined running their fingers down his stomach feeling each abb.
The one who was the most surprised was not the girls, but teacher Clark himself. Looking at the weird circle, he immediately recognized what it was. Perhaps the youngsters around him didn't realize it since it was past their time, but he did.
"Do you know what this is, and can you summon it?"
"No." Quinn replied, "But I know it's a Boneclaw."
Putting his shirt back down, the others started to whisper to themselves, trying to see if any of them had heard of it before, but it seemed like they hadn't.
Of course, the old king's familiar was kept secret. Just like how one ability would give one advantage if known, it was the same for the familiars, and only those at the very top would know.
"You are a special boy,” Clark said as he moved on to the next student.
******