The term "special" may be interpreted in a variety of ways, and the others who heard it were unsure what to make of it. So, except for Rokene, they elected to ignore Clark's comments. This was due to Rokene paying close attention to the terms used by teacher Clark as he walked around checking everyone's familiars.
In his thoughts, he was devising a rating system based on the words that would have been spoken, and the best so far was himself. That is, until Buinn was chosen. Even he was having difficulty interpreting what the instructor meant by "special." Buinn couldn't even summon his familiar, so it wasn't an unequivocal praise in that sense. If he had to guess, the word "exceptional" was being used to characterize his potential in this scenario.
As Clark continued to go around, there were no better compliments given than the one to Rokene and Buinn.
'Looks like your skills aren't the only strong thing, but your talent with familiars might be good as well. Damn, maybe he was just one of those people that were gifted from the beginning. Never had any problems in his life, grew up in a good family and they decided to groom him into the perfect leader.' Right now, making his conclusion, he was a bit resentful towards Buinn.
Returning to the front, Clark began to speak once again.
"The first task we will be doing today is trying to summon your familiar, or at least that is the end goal. Some of you can already do this, and for others, it may take weeks or even months to achieve this." Clark explained. "But even for those that already know how to do this, it will be a good exercise for you all.
"What I'm about to say to you all now may surprise most of you, but there is nothing you can do in your power to forcefully summon your familiar. They have a mind of their own, they aren't crazy animals like beasts, but they are intelligent things. If they chose to not come out and help you, then that is completely up to them. So what this first lesson will be about is communicating with them. For those that already know how to do this, you can get to know them better.
"Communication with your partner is the key to a good understanding, for both of you. So now I wish for you to do as I do." As he continued to explain, Clark began to do the actions at the same time as speaking. He first sat down on the floor and asked the others to follow.
He crossed his knees and closed his eyes, his hands clasped together as if concentrating. "Okay, the reason we close our eyes is to avoid distractions as much as possible. Visuals, noises, and other distractions might all prevent you from hearing your familiar. You'll grow better at it with time, and you'll be able to interact with them without it."
"Now in your head, picture the symbol, or item on your body. Think about it and focus on where it is on the part of your body. Then with your mind try to speak out and reach it. If you are successful in communicating, please raise your hand."
Quinn was able to follow the steps quite easily, and his concentration was at this point almost flawless. He had pictured the symbol in his head clearly, and it was as if he was in a black room. The reason he found it so easy was because he did this every morning for the past month and a half. It was similar to the Qi training routine that Leo had left him.
When he was in his mind's black chamber, the mark gradually transformed into a mist, and then into a pretty huge muscular figure with long arms by its side and hanging fingers that scraped on the floor.
"Why did you choose me?" Quinn asked.
….
There was silence between the two.
"You killed the wendigos, right? Why didn't you kill me?" Quinn asked again, hoping to get an answer.
The Boneclaw then turned its large body around and looked straight ahead at Quinn with its dead eyes. The two stared at each other for a while, not daring to look away, until finally, the mist appeared again and turned back into the same symbol that was on his back.
'Looks like he won't talk to me.'
Quinn opened his eyes and looked about, expecting, as he had with the summoning, that most of them would not be able to communicate with their familiars, but he immediately realized that he was in the minority, as practically everyone had their hand up.
The only other person apart from Quinn who hadn't raised their hand was the student who had summoned the worm familiar. But soon he even raised his hand.
"Teacher, although I didn't exactly speak to my worm, there were loud squishy and squashy sounds I heard coming from it, does that count?" The student asked.
"Actually, yes," Clark replied. "Although it's rare, perhaps your familiar is a little slow and does not know how to communicate using the same language as us. When they attach themselves to us, usually they can naturally learn straight away, although others take some time."
With this, it meant that Quinn was the only person who was unable to communicate with their 
familiar
.
"And what about you, young man?" Clark asked, interested to hear what he had to say, especially since he hadn't raised his hand.
"I couldn't hear anything," Quinn replied.
Quinn's reply didn't seem to shock him, or at least there was no reaction on Clark's face, so it was hard to tell based on this if it was a good or bad response. But they felt like at least they were a little better than him, due to him being the only person unable to communicate with their 
familiar
.
And honestly, Quinn couldn't blame them if they did see him this way, after all, right now he was even lower than the worm boy.
With the first lesson over, Clark had told the students that they could start to set up their things in the tents by the side. If they wished they could continue to try to communicate with the familiars as a form of practice, but he also made sure to mention to not try this too much at the beginning in case of fear of annoying them.
They were just like humans in the end, at times they wanted their free time and if one was to annoy them too much, then maybe they would purposely choose to not help or communicate with you.
As the students were picking a tent, Quinn decided that he would grab one next to Rokene, Rokene didn't say anything about this. His early detest for Buinn had changed after finding out he was unable to communicate with the familiar, perhaps his thoughts before were completely wrong.
Clark had opted to stop right outside Quinn's tent as the night was coming to an end.
"Can I speak to you inside for a second?"  This didn't go unnoticed by the others, but they all thought that perhaps it had something to do with Quinn being unable to communicate with his 
familiar
. Maybe he was going to try and give him some extra tips?
"Do you mind explaining to me exactly what happened?" Clark asked.
"Sure, I was in the space concentrating, and I pictured the seal in my head. I tried to communicate with him, asking him a few things. It 
demisted
 and showed me his true form. I 
asked it again
 and nothing else was said. It just looked at me and we stood there in silence before it went away and back into the sealed form."
Hearing this, a little smile appeared on Clark's face. "You don't have to worry," Clark replied. "You probably just skipped the next three steps. Usually, when one is to communicate with their familiars, they still appear in their mind in their closed form. Getting them to show you their true form is something different altogether. It seems to me that your familiar does not wish to speak with you, not that you were unsuccessful with communicating with it.
"But it's up to you to make it talk to you. It will be pretty hard to find out its desires if you are unable to speak to each other. Perhaps this will take some time, maybe a few days, maybe a week, or even a few months." Clark said as he left the tent and started to head back.
As he zipped the tent back up, he could see that Rokene was listening in to everything that was heard.
"Damn it!" Rokene shouted out in jealousy and stormed off towards his tent. While he was inside, he decided to summon his little black rabbit once more.
Returning to his own larger tent, Clark decided that he would look over a few things. Most of all, he was interested in finding out which family that particular student had come from.
"Oh, I forgot to ask him, and I also forgot to ask their names. I'll do it tomorrow." Clark pondered, but while scanning the name list, he spotted something. The figures did not add up. The number of pupils in the training area and the number on his list There was one more than there should have been.
*****