It was the middle of the night. Even though there was not much difference between night and day here, the students were resting away. The adult vampires who had better control and such didn't need much rest or sleep. But the young ones including Quinn still slept every day just like humans did.
Resting away, Quinn was suddenly woken up by a few trees' shaking. At first, it didn't bother him as he thought he could just sleep through it, but then he could hear the sound of one of the tents unzipping from his left side. Knowing who was staying by his side, he decided to check it out and unzip his tent.
To his surprise, he could see the black rabbit that he tried to kill earlier leaving Rokene's tent and heading back into the forest. Just as it entered the forest Rokene was about to head back to his tent, but not before he saw Buinn catching him in the strange act.
He didn't want to get into any trouble, so he thought he'd explain what he was doing to Buinn. Rokene urged him inside the same tent by waving his hand at him.
As he stepped inside, there was a single bed on the floor and a few crystals by his pillow side. Sitting on the floor, he started to explain himself.
"So what were you doing exactly?" Quinn asked.
"Look, I wasn't doing anything bad. I was just using our spare time to collect crystals, and my familiar helps me. There's nothing wrong with that right. Just if Clark the instructor was to find out, he might tell me to stop since we're technically not meant to be doing these sort of things."
Quinn was beginning to understand as he noticed the crystals on the side of his pillow. The rustling sounds were created by the black rabbit running back and forth. He's most likely transporting the crystals from here to the cave he discovered earlier, his hidden stockpile. But the true question was, "Why?" What was the purpose of requiring so many crystals?
"Okay, don't worry too much, I won't tell Clark," Quinn replied.
"Thank you," Rokene said with a relieved look on his face. It seemed like if he was to stop doing what he was doing, it would have affected him.
"But let me ask, why are you so crazy about beast crystals?" Quinn asked, thinking that maybe there was something he knew, or there was a use for it that perhaps he could use for himself.
"… This might sound stupid right but don't laugh.." Rokene said. "I'm trying to save up so I can eventually leave this place. So I can have a life outside. I don't want to be here with everyone else." This was something big on his chest, something he wanted to tell someone desperately for so long, and finally telling someone it felt good.
"You know I'm from the fourth family, so you probably know we have the crappy ability to talk to animals and beasts. The other families always laughed at us, and there has never been a king selected from the fourth family. I hear there is even a human ability that allows them to control animals and beasts, so what's the use of talking to them?”
"So you see, I'm not gifted or anything, the reason I could and always have been able to get a familiar is because of my ability. Because of this, the other kids who know about this chose to ignore me, making me feel like I'm someone from one of the tenth's family."
It was clear he had been holding in these feelings for a long time. It was perhaps the reason why he was always angry all the time. All these feelings inside were bottling up, and he was releasing them by shouting all the time.
"You know it's funny." Rokene started again. "The hatred, the ignoring, always seemed to shift. At first, it was the fourth family, then the tenth, and then because of what happened with Fex, now everyone seems to hate the thirteenth family. Why does there always have to be one, why can't we all just get along?"
The questions Rokene was asking now, Quinn himself used to ask the same questions every day throughout his school life. It didn't make sense to him, and eventually he wanted to change all that. The other thing that Quinn was interested in was hearing the name Fex, but now was not the right time to ask about him. However, it seemed like what he had done had not only affected himself but those involved in his family based on Rokene's remarks.
The two sat there in quiet for a while, allowing Rokene to calm down a little. Quinn wanted to say things to comfort him, but once being in the same position before, he knew that the words would do nothing. No matter how much someone said they understood how you felt, it never felt real.
Suddenly, Rokene grabbed his neck, and he felt like he was slightly choking as he fell to the floor.
"What's happening, are you okay!" Quinn said panicking, not knowing what to do.
Rokene appeared to be fine after a few seconds, as he pulled himself off the floor and began to breathe again. He kept touching his neck where his collar would normally be, and he had a surprised expression on his face.
"My familiar!." He said. "Someone's killed my familiar."
With the link in place, even though familiars couldn't technically die as long as their partner was alive, they could still feel part of the pain and loss. It would be some time before Rokene would be able to summon him again. While thinking of the possibilities of what might have happened, a few boys' laughter could be heard outside.
Both Quinn and Rokene immediately rushed outside and could see the three boys coming out from the edge of the forest. The one in front had a crystal in his hand and he was freely chucking it up and down, catching it as he walked.
"That felt great!" the boy at the front said." I thought it would be a bit harder but…"
"You!" Rokene shouted as he ran as fast as he could up to them. "You killed my familiar, and that's my…" But he stopped himself before claiming the crystal was his.
The tremendous boom had woken up the others who were still sleeping and compelled them to leave their tents. Observing the uproar that was gathering outside. Quinn could sense that things were going to become nasty, especially since there were three of them and only one of him. He felt like he could help him, now that he was by his side. He wasn't sure why, but he wanted to help Rokene, maybe because he reminded him of himself when he was younger.
The dreams he had weren't crazy or far-fetched, he just needed people by his side to prove that they could happen.
"Oh yeah, so do you have any proof that I did this?" The boy said as he continued to laugh with the other two behind him.
The student that was laughing was called Siyrus, and he was one of the few descendants that nearly all of them knew. A direct descendant of the first family. Quite possibly the current strongest family out of all the thirteen. Not only that, he had a reputation already for being a serious troublemaker, and not one like Fex who would get into mischief.
Quinn could see Rokene's face twisted and sneering at him, and he could tell he wanted to do something, but he was holding back. He blew with two fingers in his mouth. Quinn believed he heard a whistle but couldn't hear anything. Then, in the blink of an eye, a bird came from the forest in the direction the boys had come from and landed on the top of his head.
"Did this person kill a little black rabbit?" Rokene said, pointing at Siyrus.
"Kaw!" The bird squawked and flapped its wings.
"Haha you idiot, just cause you can understand them doesn't mean we can as well," Siyrus replied.
"One Kaw for yes, two for no, do you understand?" Rokene asked.
"Kaw."
"Is this person a boy?"
"Kaw."
"Is he a girl?"
"Kaw, Kaw."
"Are there four boys in front of me?"
"Kaw, Kaw."
"I think you get the point, this bird is a lot smarter than you. Although your brain might be bigger, it doesn't mean it's better." Rokene said.
At this point, the confrontation had gotten too interesting for the other students, that they were now all out of their tents watching what was going on.
"Hey, as long as your bird doesn't speak English, you can't prove Jack. For all we know, you're using your crappy ability on it."
For a brief second, Rokene looked around hoping that anyone, maybe someone would come to his aid but why would they. Clenching his fist, he hated that he couldn't change the situation he was in. Then the sound of a few footsteps from his side was heard pressing against the grass.
"Tell him, did you kill his familiar, the little black rabbit?" Quinn asked, walking towards them. With each step, his heart was pumping and his blood was boiling. The type of people in front of him now, he hated the most.
"Who the hell are you?" Siyrus said, as he was about to laugh with his friends at this joker coming towards him.
"You'll listen to what I say….” The next second his eyes glowed red as he shouted his command. "Sit!" In nearly an instant, as if his body had lost control. Siyrus was down on the floor, sitting down.
*****