"Stay?" Vorden replied.
It was unusual that Layla may be talking about being abandoned here in this world, alone and behind everyone else. Looking at the little horns on top of her head and the pleasant females about the room who appeared to be just like her, Vorden couldn't help but believe she could fit in better with this sort of crowd.
'Perhaps she now feels more at home with people more like her now.' Vorden thought.
Layla felt compelled to double-check her statements after noticing a tiny frown and a sullen look on 
Vorden's
 face.
"I don't intend to stay here forever." Layla began to explain. "You're going to go into town to look for additional information, aren't you? Is it necessary for me to come along and try to assist? I still have a lot to learn here, and of course, I want to help Quinn. If I can, I'd like to stay here as long as possible to learn everything I can. Contact me through the mask when you truly need me and are ready to get Fex and Peter. I'll check it every night at a specific hour and be ready to depart at any time."
Vorden realized she didn't want to stay on the planet, she only wanted to stay here and learn more. It was true that three of them would most likely be enough. The big issue, though, appeared to be Cia. She had come because of Layla, and if they left without Layla, would she accompany them?
They couldn't just abandon Cia with the other vampires. If they did, there was a good possibility she'd be apprehended. Vorden was stuck in a situation he couldn't figure out how to get out of. He'd have to talk to Logan about it later to see if he had any kind of strategy.
As time passed, the partners began to share information about particular talents. Vorden and Layla claimed to be sharing vital information. Logan and the big-eyed girl merely stared at each other without saying anything. While Cia was always looking in Layla's direction, Amy felt as if she was speaking to a brick wall.
Vampires were invited to come to the front once the timer ran out and discuss what they had discovered about their spouses. The Subclass would stand next to them as they did so. This was done to see how much knowledge they recalled while also sharing it with the other participants. Most of it went fine, and when Logan's turn came, he just stood there at the front saying nothing.
And it looked like his partner also did the same, with a large smile on her face.
Seeing this awkward scene, Phil quickly interrupted as he remembered what type of Subclass she was, as she wasn't able to speak.
"Sorry this is my fault, I will do the explaining for this group as an exception.
Vorden already knew about Layla, so he found it reasonably easy to explain to the others, and then it was Cia's time. Amy, who stood at her side, assumed she was doomed and said nothing. Her thoughts had been elsewhere the entire time the two of them were together. Amy would just pour it out like she was an information page on herself, with barely any words spoken.
"Amy is something known as a succubus. Although some may not be able to tell this, there are some clear signs. The red tail and the single horn that is placed only on the left side. This is because she is still only something known as an infant succubus. When she evolves and turns into a full succubus, she will grow two horns, evenly placed on both sides. Her tail will grow longer, her skin will redden, and finally, her wings will sprout out from her back.
"They are strong in illusion magic and are also able to lure certain men who are attracted to her easily. This is because the source of her energy is a man's special seed."
"Excellent," Paul said. He started to explain a few more details while showing Amy as an example. Then later he sent the two of them back.
Returning, Amy glanced at Cia who still looked to be deep in thoughts, She was shell shocked by the way Cia had managed to answer the whole class. She was sure she wasn't paying attention to a single word, yet somehow she had mentioned everything Amy had said to her.
Even Cia herself hadn't realized how well she was able to keep the information inside her head, but when looking at Layla, it was as if her mind was able to focus on two points of information at once. Noting down everything. She felt like she often did this when walking around and entering rooms.  Her eyes would dart around and make points about everything small notes.
Even when she was only looking at people, she could guess their weight and height. She could only guess that all of this was a habit, but why?
After all, was done for the lesson, the students were allowed to return to their dorm rooms, and Vorden entered Logan's room to tell him what Layla had said. With the two of them, they hoped they would be able to come up with a plan because so far they had nothing.
"Well, the best thing to do first is to ask Cia what she would like to do," Logan replied. "I think it's best to bring her along with us, but if she refuses it will be hard to force her… it is a tricky situation, and we still haven't heard back from Quinn."
Logan sat in his room for a few moments, his hand on his chin. It was his thinking position, but it was taking him longer than normal to come up with an answer. He wasn't sure if it was because he wasn't in his room with his comfortable massage chair or because he hadn't had his favorite sandwiches in a while for his brain-power.
"I think we might have to stay here as well." Logan finally spoke. "I tried researching the thirteenth castle. Now that we know how many vampires and strong vampires are inside, with just us three, I fear we would be killed in seconds. If the students here know nothing more, I doubt we would be able to find more out in the town either. I suggest we don't move until we hear from Quinn, at the end of the day we will all move out with him."
With no plan of his own, Vorden felt like it was probably the only option they had.
The next day, when entering their classroom and sitting in their regular seats, everyone was surprised to see that Teacher Silver didn't seem to be at the front today. She would usually be there before everyone else and greet each one of them as they entered the room.
The kids at first were a little scared of Silver due to the stern expression on her face that seemed to never change. Still, slowly they all started to notice small gestures she would do that the other teachers didn't, these things showed the whole class that she cared. She would greet everyone as they came in with their first names, pretty much on the second day.
Notes had been jotted down on everyone's desk on what they would be going over in class that day, and books would be handed out on each desk if required for the lesson. She had also made gorgeous name tags that were placed in front of everyone's desk to help everyone remember each other's names, and they weren't just standard name tags. Looking at them, it was clear that they were all handcrafted with care.
These weren't things the other teachers did, it felt like she went the extra mile in helping those in her class.
It now made not only the boys, but the girls as well truly fall for their teacher Silver. Some were even thinking it would be best to join the thirteenth family just to serve under her, even with all the problems going on at the moment.
And this was why everyone was worried when all the students had arrived and Silver still hadn't.
"Did something happen to her?" A student asked.
"Maybe we should tell the other teachers." Another replied.
Then the sound of the sliding door was heard as Silver walked in, with it a certain air had arisen, and the room fell completely silent.
Everyone in an instant could tell something was wrong. Each step she took inside the room felt heavy, her hair that was usually done up nicely and tied back had fallen to her sides, and when she finally went to face the students her eyes looked lost. They all wanted to ask what happened, what was wrong? But it was considered rude in the vampire culture to ask such a thing of someone in a higher position.
"I'm here to announce that they have requested that we make it not just to the students, but to the whole vampire settlement." Silver spoke with a monotonous tone with no variation. "The vampire Fex Sanguis, a former member of the thirteenth family, will be executed."
This was no new information for the students around them. The word had already spread of what would happen, but still, no one knew exactly what he had done.
"The execution will be on the 25th of August on the day he came to this world, and it shall be a public one at the main plaza. Stationed at the front of the king's castle."
"A public execution!" Fred said out loud, but he wasn't the only one that was shocked by this. The others were as well. A public execution hadn't even been seen in their lifetimes. Most of the time, the matter would be dealt with by their own families or behind the scenes. The students could only think that Fex's crime had to be a truly serious one for them to go this far and to even make everyone aware of it as well.
Slamming her fist onto the desk in front of her, it was hard for Silver to contain her emotions. She knew this moment was coming but having to inform people out loud of what was happening, made her realize all too soon the day was upon her and that she could do nothing.
"Now, I know why she's like that," Fred said.
Vorden was perplexed when he heard this, but they were able to obtain evidence that informed them that Silver was a member of the thirteenth family. So she'd be angry, but this was different. This was more than being unhappy, and Vorden was intrigued since Silver had previously assisted him, and she appeared to be a truly kind person.
"What do you mean?" Vorden asked.
"What isn't it obvious, although some people say Silver is heartless, it's as clear as day that she is being affected by her brother's execution."
'Silver is Fex's brother, and a vampire knight at that!' Vorden thought in his mind, and it seemed like at the same time Logan had received this information as well. This realization was what they needed to move on to the next step.
'Now, we just need you, Quinn.' Logan thought.
*****