Quinn realized that the students didn't have to travel through the square-shaped teleporters holding each other one by one, as they did the circular teleporters. Quinn initially assumed this was done on purpose to randomly divide up the students for the evaluation, but when they were carried to the next area, he looked around. He could see that everyone was present and that the instructor had come shortly after.
They had arrived from a place where it was dark outdoors while looking at the sky, just like the planet. They all appeared to be on a vast wide wasteland. There were no trees where they used to be, and there seemed to be nothing surrounding them. There's no lake, no hills, just a big flat wasteland.
It was difficult to determine if this was the same planet Quinn had visited earlier. He had previously landed at the red gateway planet from a refuge. There were several structures and weird artifacts in the area, but they had all been destroyed. After all, planets were massive, and some of them even possessed architecture similar to Earth. Where there would be distinct continents separated by an ocean.
So, even if Quinn was on the same planet, there was a strong possibility he'd never see the shelter again, but it made him ponder. The planet was where he discovered the Shadow ability book, which included an ability that only vampires could learn. Vampires are now using the planet as a training field; is it possible that the human refuge and the vampires interacted at some point?
Perhaps the vampires were the ones who destroyed the shelter. The shadow appears to be a tricky entity; during his training, he observed the other generations and saw them use their abilities on occasion. However, none of them possessed the same shadow power as Quinn, and even the system had advised him to keep it hidden, for the time being, only activating it if his life was in danger.
When Clark had arrived, he went around to each of the students placing a strange small circular device on their clothing. It stuck on quite easily and it looked as if it would take quite a bit before falling off. He then also handed them each a small backpack that continued certain supplies inside, one of them being blood.
"This here is a tracker that will allow me to find you, as for the other things you can take a guess why they are needed," Clark explained. "This trip will last a total of three days. When the tracker beeps three times, it means you are to return to this spot so please try to get your bearings. If you are lost, then don't worry.
"My familiar is one of the best at tracking people, and we also have the trackers placed on you as a backup. The task is to defeat ten death bat crystals, you may do so however you wish, you may do whatever you wish. But remember your classmates are not the enemy. If I find you have stolen the bat crystals after they were already obtained you will be in serious trouble."
From Clark's words, it sounded like working together to collect the crystals was not a problem, but one could not steal crystals from another. This meant working as a group presented its problems. Although you are more likely to kill a death bat crystal one would have to find more. And then between the group, they would also need to decide how to distribute Bat crystals to each other.
The larger the group, the more likely a person would eventually be left out, and the stronger ones would complain about the fact that they did more work. In the first place, there were only twenty-five of them on the planet.
Clark then proceeded to sit down and open up his book as he started reading.
"Well, what are you waiting for?" Clark said. "The assessment has already begun since we got here."
With that, the students decided to split off and start searching for the death bat beasts. Rokene had teamed up with Quinn and had also already summoned his familiar. With the three they could cover more ground and perhaps find a death bat quicker.
Some other students had formed groups, while there were very few who had decided to go off on their own, but those were mostly the stronger students.
Before leaving, Quinn looked in the direction of Siyrus and their group of three. Their eyes met for a brief second before Siyrus turned his head away and walked off in a different direction. At least, for now, it didn't seem like he would cause any trouble with Quinn again.
Almost all of the students chose to take a different path to see if they could locate anything. One of the most difficult aspects of this examination was the fact that they were provided with almost minimal information. They weren't informed where to go or even where to look for the death bats.
If they were in a more varied terrain area, then perhaps they could have chosen certain places that were more likely to have beasts. But the open wasteland made it hard for them to choose any direction.
"Shouldn't it be obvious?" Rokene said while walking and looking at his black rabbit running about ahead of them.
"What do you mean?" Quinn replied.
"Well, the name of the beast is a death bat right, so doesn't that mean they will be in a cave of some sort. Just like regular bats." He replied.
But when Quinn looked around, he couldn't even find a mountain or a hill for any bats to even live in. He did agree, but right now it didn't make any sense.
They continued to walk with still nothing around them they could see until the little black rabbit started to make some strange noises, and it immediately started to run back towards Rokene.
"It's here," Rokene said. "The rabbit says the Death bat is here."
When they looked around, they couldn't find anything. They both proceeded forward till they were near the rabbit, and they could see a dark shadow mound ahead of them. From where they stood, the mound seemed to be a giant, heavy boulder. It stood out on its lonesome and seemed out of place because there was nothing else around it.
[SFX - Rabbit squeaks]
"It's saying that the thing that we are looking at is the death bat, but what's it doing out here?" Rokene replied.
From this distance, the bat was a little too far for Quinn to use his inspection skill to bring up any information at the same time he felt like he needed to be careful. Although he had defeated a king tier beast before, at the time he had nearly died and had the help of others. The flashbacks of the advanced beast killing all the students on the other planet came running through his head.
Some advanced beasts were more powerful than others, and it was likely that this was one of them. He leaned down and grabbed a chunk of land with his palm until it was the size of a little stone in his hand. It was about the size and weight of a baseball. Choosing the appropriate distance and strength. He flung the boulder as hard and as quickly as he could, and it landed exactly on the top of the shadow boundary in front of him.
"Bingo!" Rokene said as the stone bounced off and fell to the floor.
Suddenly, the boulder started to shake and vibrate, and it was slowly growing in size. It lifted its wing and revealed was a large bat-looking creature that had a wingspan of at least two meters.
Not wasting any time, they crept in closer to the bat. The bat's motions appeared a touch lethargic, as if it was waking up from a nap, so they decided to approach a little quicker. Quinn was constantly trying to utilize his inspection skill as they were on their way, until he was finally within range.
[Inspect]
[Advanced tier beast Death bat]
[ A large bat-like creature that uses the power of supersonic waves. The sound produced by the bat is at a frequency that is unheard of by most living beings. The attacks produced from the beast's mouth also move at the speed of sound and are powerful. If the bat feels like its life is in danger, it will cry, calling others to the same area.]
"Perfect," Quinn said. "Let's go bat hunting!"
*****