Quinn was not concerned after reading the specifics of the death bat. He'd figured out the system a little by this point; if the beast in front of him had been strong enough, he'd have received a specific quest or at the very least one for an instant level up, but he hadn't. Only when he encountered formidable foes or monsters would he be granted such a gift. Even still, that didn't imply the mission would be simple, especially after reading the portion where it called its allies.
If the death bat thought its life was in danger, it would most likely summon more of them. Depending on the circumstances, this might be a good or a negative thing. If killing the death bat was simple with Rokene's assistance, then having more would make the task easier; after all, they needed to kill twenty advanced beasts in three days.
The question remained, though, how many people would show up. It would depend on how many people were in the neighborhood and how far its cries would be heard. If the beast proved difficult to kill, it could be too much for the two of them to manage all of them at once.
With all these things in mind, Quinn was ready.
"The beast isn't replying, so we have no choice but to fight!" Rokene said.
Quinn was never depending on the assumption that Rokene was capable of doing anything in the first place. Rokene seems to have made an attempt based only on what he had previously stated.
The black rabbit remained on Rokene's shoulder, and its horn began to light up, exactly as it had done when fighting the other beast in the river. In response, the death bat opened its jaws, leaned back, and elevated its belly slightly, but no sound was heard.
"Jump!" Quinn shouted.
They broke off and precisely where they were at the time, with Rokene running to the left and Quinn dashing to the right. The dirt from the floor rose, as if an explosion had been let off in the earth.
'Was that an attack from the death bat?' Rokene thought and was thankful that Buinn had told him to move, otherwise he would have been hit by the invisible and soundless attack.
Quinn only knew that it was preparing for an attack thanks to the information provided by the system. Opening its mouth was the sign it would be unleashing a sonic blast, but it was at a frequency that could be unheard of by vampires.
It continued to launch blast after blast towards Quinn. Quinn was able to evade most of the strikes by watching the beast's head motions, but now and then he would have to execute the flash step because two attacks would come out too close to each other. Quinn's movements would cause dust and grime to rise from the ground. It appeared bizarre, as if Quinn was the one producing it, as if there was a pause in his movements.
However, this all gave Rokene plenty of time to prepare. His familiar was ready and so it was easy getting into position around the side of the death bat. He first shot out two blood swipes of his own.
They scraped their way across the floor, ultimately reaching the beast's side. The bat twisted its body slightly, elevating its wing and preventing the strike, but this was exactly what Rokene was hoping for. The strikes were only a diversion. The Black rabbit was ready with its horn blasting a strong straight line of a lightning bolt once the bat had shifted its wing out of the way to launch its assault.
The strike was swift and powerful, and the Bat was unable to respond in time. It lifted its wing slightly, but not enough to block the attack; yet, it was able to hop and flap its wings slightly, shifting where the attack would land. It was aiming for the head at first, but with its quick movements, the strike instead sank straight through a section of its chest, and black blood began to stream down from below.
"Damn, we were so close!" Rokene complained.
Still, flapping its wings the Black bat's attention seemed to be focusing on something else. It was slightly up in the air, and tilted its head back further than before, and then its belly started to rise outward even more. Whatever it was, it was clear that this attack was bigger than the ones before and it was coming right for Rokene.
"Blood shield," Rokene said, a wall of blood rose in front of him, all he could do was hope it would be enough to block the attack.
"Moon crescent kick!"
Looking up in the air, Rokene could see something up as high as the bat appeared… it was Quinn. At that moment, lifting his leg from below upward, towards his head as fast and as strong as he could, a horizontal single line of blood came out. It was larger than any blood swipe Rokene had ever seen before. At the same time, it looked slightly different, and instead of the attack coming from the hands like it usually would, it came from a leg instead.
The large attack the bat had been storing up, it quickly lifted its head and blew out the attack to its side. It was such a powerful attack the force had moved the bat's body slightly back. The crescent kick had hit, but instead of slicing the beast in half. It had hit the wing and continued to go past until it eventually disappeared.
A few seconds later and the wing had fallen to the floor with the bat following shortly after.
'Was that a new type of attack he created himself.' Rokene thought.
His blood swipe had only caused faint scratches on the beast's skin, but Buinn's had managed to completely cut off the beast's wings. Unfortunately, it seems like the beast had some form of intelligence or at least battle instinct, as it was able to narrowly avoid death twice now.
As soon as Quinn's feet had touched the floor and he lifted his head, he was ready to finish off the beast and gain the exp, but then another red strike had come out from the side. This one was neither from Quinn nor Rokenne.
It too was a single strike of blood swipe but was larger than the one Rokene had produced. With the blood from the chest wound, and the wound delivered from Quinn, the bat could hardly move and was ready to call its allies but before it could, the red aura had slipped right through its neck killing the beast.
"Ha, ha, ha!" We did it, a voice said from the side.
Quinn and Rokene turned their heads to the side, knowing full well that neither of them had killed the beast. Meaning someone had stolen their kill at the last second.
Looking at who it was, it was an unforgettable face for both of them. It was Siyrus and by his side were his two friends.
"It was a good idea to follow you, you guys certainly did put on an impressive act." He said walking over to the beast's body.
"Wait, that's ours!" Rokene shouted.
"Huh, But I was the one who killed it, unfortunately, the crystal now belongs to me, and according to the rules that Clark had put in place. You guys aren't allowed to steal it off me." Siyrus said, as his two friends carved out the crystal before pocketing it for themselves.
They had gone on a different path at first, but when they couldn't locate anything, they decided to travel in the same direction as Rokene and Quinn. They had intended to do exactly what they had just done. They were three of them, and Siyrus expected them to be exhausted from slaying the beast.
Even if they were to get into a fight, Siyrus was confident that they could win, and even if they couldn't as long as they got the last hit in, the crystal would be there. He knew the two of them wouldn't break the rules and try to steal the crystal from him, so in a way he had a backup plan.
With the crystal in his hand, he had a big smile. He couldn't wait to see the look on Quinn's face. All of this was done due to the humiliation he had faced a while back and now he wanted to savor this moment.
Turning his head, he looked at Quinn who just stood there motionless. His face wasn't one of anger or happiness, but he looked a little calm, but inside of Quinn, he was feeling anything but calm.
While the others couldn't feel it, Siryus could. There was a sickly feeling entering his stomach once again, and he couldn't help but think that perhaps he had made a grave mistake.
Right now, Quinn was doing everything he could to hold in his anger. He was in a slight rush, trying his best to save Fex and get stronger. Although he didn't care much for the assessment or the death bat crystals, what he did care about was the exp. It had been a long time since he was able to level up, and maybe there was a good chance he could after killing all of these death bats.
Then a horrible thought came across his mind.
'Why have you chosen to get in my way, if I couldn't kill the death bat for the exp, maybe I should just kill you?'
It was a thought that came into his head only for a brief second, but that was all it took for what was to happen next.
Behind the three boys, a black mist had appeared. It was large, much bigger than the boy's height, and slowly from it, a large horrifying creature had emerged. So much so that Rokene had taken a step back. He had never seen something like this before. Whatever it was, it looked far more powerful than the death bat just seconds ago.
Then in the next few seconds, with its long dangly fingers, the Boneclaw had pierced Siryus directly in the chest right through the heart and a few seconds later, it had come to a halt.
****