Meeting Quinn had been a surreal week for Rokene. Everything seemed surreal and odd, and he was beginning to feel disoriented. He was undecided on what to do next. Suddenly, all of his concerns in life seemed trivial. The folks who used to bother him were gone in an instant.
Whatever dreams they had have vanished, and those folks were the same age as his. But, in reality, most vampires didn't have grand goals; they merely went about their daily lives serving their families.
Why did they need to remain hidden, why did they need to hide from the world, it didn't make sense? He had planned to accumulate enough crystals to one day leave this area to break away from his usual routine. Right now, his entire body was trembling as he realized he, too, was trapped in the same routine.
He had gathered enough crystals to leave this place long ago, but something was always holding him back, and seeing Quinn made him realize that. Before he knew it, he had walked over to where Clark was.
Clark was moving much more than before, and he could raise the top half of his body, but his legs and body were still too stiff and wounded for him to go any farther, and for some reason, he hadn't tried to grab the blood pack from the Black rabbit.
'Is it because he's too weak, maybe he's worried the rabbit would be able to do him harm.' Rokene thought.
Taking the blood pack from the rabbit. Rokene did what he thought was the only right thing to do and gave it to instructor Clark. After consuming the blood, it didn't take him long, until he was able to freely move about once again.
Rokene also believed that Clark wouldn't do anything to him and at the same time, he was Rokene's favorite teacher. He had done more for him during the week and treated him as an equal than his tutors his family would hire him.
Getting up from the floor, Clark looked around at the scene and the students off to the side. He had a conflicted look on his face, which made it hard to tell what he was thinking.
"Is he gone?" Clark asked.
"Yes, he has returned," Rokene replied. Although this wasn't necessarily the truth, Rokene felt like this was the best thing to say. "So, what are you going to do now?"
Pulling out a circular disk-like device from his back pocket. He pressed on it once and a ring started to light up. It went around constantly in a circle.
"This is the Vampire knight Clark Talon from the fifth family. This is an emergency report to all students. You are to return to the meeting point immediately. Once you are in the area, follow the raven and return to me. I repeat this is an emergency. The test has been canceled and all students are to return."
After finishing his message, he placed the circle back in his back pocket, and the purple-black raven was summoned once again, immediately flying up into the sky.
"I have no choice." Clark started to explain. "I need to report this matter to the council. Once all the students have returned, I will inform them of what is happening."
"The council!" Rokene said in shock. "Do you have to go that far, can't you just report this to the fifth leader and they can send someone to try to find and deal with him."
Even though the direct descendants had been slaughtered, it seemed a little excessive to include the entire council in such an issue rather than a single vampire leader. Perhaps merely alerting the family whose ancestors had been slaughtered would be enough.
"It seems you don't know the seriousness of this matter, it's not just because of the death of the descendants. That boy was able to defeat me a vampire knight, and although I am not known for my strength among the vampire knights, I am still stronger than any of the vampire nobles." Clark replied.
"Although his strength is nowhere near that of a vampire leader and they would have no problem taking care of him. The problem is his powers and his origins. The council must be informed that some punishers from the fourteenth castle may be alive and have returned."
The dome of shadow had remained up for a while now, but if one was to stand outside of the dome they would be unable to hear much. The dome also acted as a soundproof space. On the outside, nothing could be heard. Then finally, from the top, the dome started to disappear. As it went away a single person could be seen on their hands and knees gasping for air.
The mask remained on Quinn's face, and several wounds covered his body. As his blood bank had been activated the wounds started to heal away as parts of his skin could be seen being patched up here and there.
"That was a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. Let's not try to do that again." Quinn said. If it wasn't for the dome keeping them in place, and his shadow hands holding them. The fight would quite possibly have been ten times harder.
However, when within the dome, he was allowed to use his blood spray, Shadow hop, and upgraded gauntlets. All of this enabled him to take on eleven death bats at the same time. He defeated 10 advanced creatures on his own. This was something he would never have imagined himself doing. For a brief minute, he wondered whether he even knew who he was.
[Level 23]
[Exp 400/800]
Fighting the bats had improved his level by three, but defeating an advanced tier beast offered him minimal experience compared to previously. He'd only gotten 100 experience points for each bat he killed. Quinn believed it wasn't worth it because of the difficulty of the bats and their ability to call allies.
This time he was able to defeat eleven on his own, but what would've happened if more had come, or if there was someone on the outside of the dome waiting for him. There needed to be a fine line between the risk Quinn was taking after all he couldn't save the others if he was dead.
[Stats]
These were Quinn's current stats, without taking the equipment into the equation.
[Strength:48]
[Agility:43]
[Stamina:41]
[Charm:43]
Thinking about everything, he began to be concerned about Layla and the others, and he wondered how they were doing. Quinn could still feel Layla's presence in the vampire realm. This eased some of his concerns, but it was evident to him that the moment he set foot on this new world, the link was lost.
Before doing anything, Quinn extracted the death bat's advanced tier crystals. Now that he had received over ten, he looked at the items in the shop once more. He could finally unlock the ring from the shop. He was in a bit of a debate with himself, wondering whether or not he should sell the advanced tier crystals, but in the end, he decided not to.
He remembered the first one he found, there wasn't much utility or anything the crystal could be turned into other than a ring. Furthermore, selling such items on the market would just draw attention to oneself. So, in the end, he decided to buy the ring from the shop with 10 of the stones and wear it on his hand.
"This will have to do for now," Quinn said as he opened up his dimensional space and pulled out the square teleporter. After placing it on the ground and activating it, he stepped through, returning to the vampire world.
Some time had passed on the planet, although it was difficult to know how long because the night sky was constantly seen.
A single man dressed in beast gear colored in black and dark blue was investigating the region while venturing out on his own. When he noticed a peculiar mound in front of him, he took his weapon from his side, a single blade, and clutched it hard, waiting for it to move.
As he inched closer and closer, it seemed like nothing was happening, and finally, when he had gotten close enough, he realized what he had stumbled upon was unmoving… It was dead.
"I think I found something!" A man shouted out.
While waiting for his colleagues to come over to his position, he began to investigate a little on his own, and that's when he saw there wasn't just one dead critter on the floor, but numerous. He had counted eleven dead gigantic bats on the ground in all. Some of them were difficult to identify since sections of their chest had been ripped apart and their wings had become separated from the original body.
"What could have done all this, was it another beast? Is this what attacked the shelter?" The man thought.
In the wasteland, a group of around twenty troops, both male and female, rushed up to the man's position and came across the horrible scene. They had also come across a solitary death bat when traveling together and understood how difficult it was to deal with them.
So they feared the worst thinking about what could have possibly killed so many.
"Hey, what do you think this is?" A female asked, standing next to something in the center of all the bats.
She picked up the strange square-like object from the ground, which was unexpectedly heavy than she thought. The sudden weight came as a surprise and she allowed the square object to slip from her hand, dropping it and allowing it to hit the floor.
The object started to lighten up, and the contraption started to open. A few seconds later and a strange square-looking portal had opened.
"It's a portal!" The soldier said.
"On this planet, are there others here?" Another asked.
"Even if there are others who have come to this planet… that device. I have never seen anything like it before. Let's report this to Head general Paul immediately. We will let him decide what to do next."
****