Peter had succeeded in changing the second guard in the same way that he had changed the first. He went through the process again and again. While doing so, it appeared as though the information was slowly trickling in, as if he had done this before. But he knew that wasn't going to happen. He considered the sensation to be comparable to that of a computer machine uploading data to a server. Following its instructions enabled him to produce the two lesser Wights.
He looked at the two who were now jogging by his side while the information was processed in his thoughts. He grasped what they were a little better as a result of the knowledge. A lower-level Wight. Essentially, Peter had managed to resurrect the vampires and become a weaker version of himself.
They were now undead beings, unable to use any of their previous skills. In terms of strength, they were half the size of their creator, Peter, when comparing strength and speed. They did, however, have no stamina and an incredible regeneration speed comparable to Peters, but once it reached a certain point, they were unable to mend anymore, even if they consumed human flesh.
In terms of intellect, it appeared as if anything they knew in the past had vanished. They would be able to follow Peter's basic directions. When Peter inquired whether they knew how to get out, they didn't respond, but when he instructed them to follow him, they did.
This left Peter with little choice except to sprint through the tunnels at random in the hopes of escaping. The only good news was that the vampire guards weren't going to be discovered dead very soon, allowing him a little more time before they discovered his effort to escape.
The three continued to run until he had eventually reached a strange rounded door that blocked the entirety of the tunnel. There wasn't a single gap that would allow him to get through.
Stopping at the rounded door, Peter tried to give it a push using all his strength, but there was nothing, not even a single nudge.
"Is it glathrium?" Peter thought. If that was the case even if he tried punching the door it wouldn't work. But he didn't want to either for fear that the tunnel could collapse.
That's when he saw the odd circular lock combination. The door was essentially a huge circle with smaller circles on the inside. When Peter tried to move one of these circles, there was a sound, and he discovered that each section could be moved separately, but spinning them in circles and circles was accomplishing nothing and wasting his time.
'Is it a lock?' Peter thought, then he turned to the two behind him. If they had brought him here, they had to know a way out.
"Do you know the combination to the lock?" Peter asked.
But there was silence, as the two of them just continued to stare at him.
'I should have guessed.'
With no choice, Peter turned around and started to head back down the tunnel he had come from and tried to take a different path. Eventually, he must have taken a wrong turn somewhere as the tunnel had led him to quite a large open room. In this open space, there were several tunnels for one to go down. Looking at them all though, Peter had no clue what to do, or which one to take.
"Now I wasn't expecting this." An echoey voice said. It was hard to pinpoint the location of where the sound had come from, due to it bouncing off the walls. The only thing he could tell was that it was a male's voice.
The next second, a thud sound was heard as the two feet had solidly hit the ground. Turning to look behind him, Peter could see a fairly middle-sized man, not scrawny nor was he big, but what did stand out was the large scar that went across the top of his head and the round shield on his back.
"When Clark told me that the mysterious punisher person's last words were he was here to save someone, I thought it could only be one of two people. Either Fex or you. I saw no reason for them to try to save someone from another family, which means you had to be quite important to them." Jin explained.
"Just in case, I got Sunny to stand by, and watch over Fex's extraction. Unfortunately, these tunnels aren't exactly the best for my ability. If I was to go all out the place could collapse at any second."
He then carefully looked at the three of them, including the Wights that stood behind Peter.
"Well, the good news is, based on your performance against Xander and Silver, I won't even need to use my ability in the first place. I suppose you should know the name of your slayer before you die, My name is Jin Talon, I am the fourth leader of the vampire family and I will bring you in dead or alive… Wait a minute, I guess as a Wight, you're already dead."
Jumping off his feet and dashing towards Peter, the two lesser Wights immediately reacted, jumping in front of him. Their speed was unexpected as Jin knew the capabilities of Lesser Wights. he thought he would have been able to simply run past them before they could even react. Not wanting to stray from his path though, Jin threw out a punch, knocking both of them back. Even with their two hands, they were useless as they were flung away and went crashing into the tunnel walls.
The whole place seemed to vibrate slightly, and a few crumbs of rock falling here and there from the ceiling could be seen.
"Damn, maybe I need to hold back a little more," Jin said. "Well, this should be enough."
Concerned that the entire structure would collapse on them, he took care not to cause any additional damage to the tunnels. Jin decided to reduce his strength. He had, however, slowed down as a result of this. He was well aware that he lacked control. His tremendous blood ability never enabled him to be who he was.
So he was unable to fine-tune when coming to control. If he lowered his power, he would lower everything with it, including his speed and such. If he was to fight at full power, the same would be done again.
"Let's end all this silly nonsense," Jin said, throwing out a single punch, hoping to finish the fight off then and there.
A quick punch was launched, but all that was heard was the sound of it hitting nothing but air. There wasn't the normal sensation of weight pressing into the flesh of his knuckles. He couldn't feel anything except empty space.
Peter had dodged the attack.
'How, though? How could he have progressed so much when I saw how swiftly he was battling Xander?' Even if Jin wasn't using his full power and speed, it was more than enough to dispatch the Peter he'd seen fight Xander not long before.
Before he knew it, Peter had landed a blow. It was buried in his stomach, and all of the tremendous strength that had poured through his body was put to use. Jin slid back a few paces before coming to a complete halt.
He, a vampire leader, had been pushed by a mere Subclass.
"You moved me back?" Jin said. "You, not even a vampire but a subclass!"
A bizarre rage rose inside him, and his eyes began to glow a fiery crimson. He didn't care if he demolished the hollow tunnels. He prepared to use his talent by making a few wounds on his hands and allowing his blood to be taken.
With a flick, a single drop of blood went out fast, like a bullet, and it had hit Peter right on the shoulder.
"Ignite." As soon as Peter said these words, there was a loud blast, a pop, and an explosion, and the piercing orange lights shone down on him. Skin and flesh fragments began to fall to the ground. However, it only took a short time until it began to regenerate once more.
"I guess an explosion that small will never be able to kill a Wight. What impressive regenerative speed." Jin genuinely thought as he praised him.
"But, it means I have to use more power," Jin said. "Blood control."
The blood that was in the palm of his hand lifted into the sky. It floated there without a single person touching it. Next, spreading his arms out, Jin managed to split all of the blood into small little balls. These small blood balls were the same size as the attack that had hit him earlier.
'Are all of these explosives?' Peter thought, If that was the case, he was unsure if his body would be able to regenerate from such a thing, as he said that though, the two lesser Wights from earlier, had come back and were now standing in front of Peter.
"Chain bomb!" Jin said, flicking his hands, and all the balls flew straight at the three. Even if the Wights could assist Peter in blocking the assault, it appeared like Jin would be able to repeat the feat, and what would he do then? Right now, it appeared like fleeing was the greatest choice. Something was sensed just as he was going to make the decision and escape.
All of the Blood balls went ahead. "Ignite!" Jin shouted, making all of them explode at once, creating small explosions one after another. Smoke had filled the tunnels, and the ceiling started to crumble as small rocks fell from it once more. The shaking had finally stopped though, and it looked like the walls were able to handle a lot more punishment than Jin initially thought.
When the dust settled, though, he was gobsmacked by what he saw. Where the three had formerly stood, a thick purple Shadow had taken their place.
"I knew you would come," Peter said. "It's been a long time, Quinn."
****