Because of the unexpected revelation, all Vampire knights were ordered to return to their castles for a briefing, which was especially important for Silver because the punisher had last been seen in her castle and Peter had been kidnapped. Based on the facts provided, she was also concerned that people would begin to suspect that the thirteenth family was more engaged in this than they had previously assumed.
Everything seemed to happen so quickly, and when Silver abruptly left, the group of three were left unsure of what to do next. Logan was certain Silver would not disclose or tell the others who they were or why they were there, but he had no idea why she had abruptly departed the room that day.
'Is something going on?' Logan thought 'There is still some time left before Fex's execution right.'
Throughout the night, he would repeatedly try to contact Quinn for answers to see if he received a response. In reality, he was at a loss for what to do next. They could go to the public execution, but there would be a lot of people there, including at least a few vampire leaders, if not all of them. Will Quinn be able to save Fex in front of everyone? If he couldn't grow strong enough, he had one other option: form his army, which looked even more impossible.
When the three of them came to class the next day, they were in for a surprise. Since they were ignorant that Silver had been asked to return to her palace, which meant that Silver would no longer be their teacher today. Someone else was standing in her place at her customary workstation.
He was quite a small-framed male teacher, who had rounded classes and was covered in dark black robes. "Hurry and get a move on you three, we don't have all day." The teacher said as the three of them stood still for a moment.
Hurrying to their seats, every one of them was now starting to sweat and worry a little as the class began. As they remembered the schedule that Logan showed them, the teacher began the lesson. The theme of today's lesson was displayed on the screen: Sparring matches.
If Silver was here, then she would have helped them get out of such a mess, stopped them from fighting somehow, but she wasn't.
"Some important matters are going on within the families and for that reason me, Reli will be your teacher for today." The round glasses man said. Logan realized at this point that all vampires had great eyesight, so the glasses were probably simply for show. "There will be a sparring bout today. All of the courses will be included, and it will be an opportunity for everyone to demonstrate what they have learned thus far in the classes."
"To make things more intriguing, we'll bring two opponents from a different class into the battle area. Everyone will stand by and watch as these battles continue. Once a winner has been determined, we will analyze what one individual did well and what the other did incorrectly. The winner of the battle gets to choose their next opponent, who must be from a different class. It cannot be from the same class as them, nor from the same class as the opponent they just defeated."
"This will allow us to see the levels of each of the classes, of course eventually the winning student will more likely lose, because of the continuous fights they will have in a row."
With the rules and today's lesson explained, the students were all rallied up outside as they did once before. What came as a surprise was that all three of the subclasses were also invited outside on the field to watch the event. Although they were told they wouldn't be taking part.
As Vorden walked onto the field, his eyes matched up with Layla's and it seemed as if she had a worried look on her face. Seeing this, Amy gave her a slight nudge, hitting her with her shoulder. "I thought you said you weren't into the tall blondie, why are you so worried ?"
But Layla didn't reply, as she was too busy thinking about the worst that could happen.
Outside on the field, they had a platform that had been raised. It wasn't too big, and the platform was only raised about a foot off the ground. It was round in size as well. All the different classes were told to sit on the floor in rows around the circular platform.
The students were sitting quite close and were worried that if a fight was to take place, they might be hit by some of the attacks that would go off from the platform. A larger teacher approached the side and saw the concerned look on their faces.
"Don't worry too much." The teacher said as he banged his fist on the outside. As if it hit an invisible wall where his hand had landed for a brief second, a digital red grid-like display showed before quickly disappearing again. "Using the beast crystals, we can create an invisible barrier for you guys. Any attack from you regular vampires will be stopped by this wall here, so you have nothing to worry about." The teacher explained with a smile.
Reli entered the center with the impression that the wall had not been triggered, implying that someone had control over when the wall was turned on or off. "We're all aware of why we're here. Your teachers should have informed you beforehand, so let's cut to the chase and get things started. Hopefully, this will allow us to watch as many battles as possible today."
Two students from different classes were selected, and two of them had entered the stage, one a female vampire while the other a male. None of these did Vorden or the others recognize. When the two entered, the teacher shouted to start the match, and the fight had begun.
It looked as if the two inside were evenly matched and they continued to fight without the use of abilities, only using blood attacks. However, the female did have a dagger that she would use, while the male student used nothing but his bare hands Eventually though the female vampire had less stamina and was starting to lose the fight.
A severe cut was produced on the female student by a claw-like hand, and the battle was promptly stopped by the professors. The male student had tried a second attack after the first, but one of the professors had arrived too quickly for the others to notice and grabbed the male student's hand, preventing the attack.
It looked as if there would be no accidental deaths in these sparring matches. The vampire teachers were just on a completely different level compared to the students.
After a winner was chosen, the kids were questioned about the battle, discussing what went well and what went wrong. This also provided the student some time to relax and heal, but it was now time for the student to choose his next opponent. He was still exhausted, and it appeared that beating him would be easier now than before, but then, almost out of nowhere, a tiny chant began to take place from one of the classrooms.
"Xander, Xander, Xander, Xander." Slowly others started to join in as well.
"Of course, they would do this," Amy complained, looking at him.
The other students wanted to witness Xander's battle since he was well-known among the normal vampires. Giving in to peer pressure, the student ultimately yelled Xander's name, and the students cheered.
Xander of course smiled as he stood up and looked at the students behind him. He even gave them a bow, as if he was their king of some sort. Climbing onto the stage, he didn't look at his opponent in front of him. Instead, he looked at Vorden, who was sitting on the floor.
"This isn't good." Logan thought no one had to be a mind reader to figure out what he was thinking.
The battle resumed, and Xander sprinted in, evading the student's first assault. At such close range, Xander threw out a solid fist, then another, then another, not allowing the student to fall to the floor. It was his signature strike, a flurry of fists, but they were soon interrupted by an instructor entering the platform, pronouncing him the winner after only the first two punches.
Because there wasn't much of the fight to evaluate this time, there wasn't much time spent on what went wrong or right, and he was ordered to choose his opponent from another class. Xander first looked to his right, where he could see the gorgeous females, and then to Layla.
With a wink, he blew out a kiss towards her. Seeing this, all the girls around started to scream and push Layla around on the floor.
"Was that at her?"
"She's so lucky."
"Why does Xander even like her!"
A Lot of the girls wished that Xander had paid them that much attention, but Layla felt the opposite.
Then lifting his hand, he pointed at a single blonde boy sitting down. "I chose you!" Xander said.
It was Vorden's turn to go up, on stage.
****