All of the students turned to see who Xander was and where he was pointing. After all, Xander wouldn't just pick anyone, would he? The person he picked would have to be a strong opponent, someone who would challenge him or put on a show for him.
At least, this was what everyone expected of Xander, especially given his recent performance.
That's why, when they turned to look around, they were astonished to discover who Xander had chosen, even if it wasn't a surprise to everyone else. Some others remembered incidents that happened not long ago with a certain female who was observing from a distance.
Before Vorden had moved from his position, Logan had raised his hand to ask a question. "Sir is it possible to forfeit from this event, admit defeat." Hoping there was some way for them to get out of this.
Reli sighed deeply before responding. "And what is the point of that? The entire purpose of this evaluation is to put your skills to the test, good or terrible. Besides, it's not like you'll be badly damaged or hurt; as you can see from the previous matches, we were able to halt them just well before anything major happened. We shall continue to do so for all future conflicts."
Logan wasn't sure how to respond to the teacher's explanation, which seemed reasonable. After all, the issue wasn't that they were afraid Vorden would die, but that he would be wounded. After all, even the tiniest damage would result in blood being drawn, and everyone there would be able to smell it in an instant.
Logan didn't even want to think about what was to happen if all of the vampires here found out their true identities.
With no other option, Vorden rose from his seat and began to walk towards the platform, but Logan swiftly grabbed his sleeve and pulled him down, whispering in his ear.
"Take the pills, don't get hit." Logan quickly said before letting him go to his place, giving him a brief reminder.
Initially, it appeared like the two of them shared similar thoughts. But the fact was that Vorden never intended to lose the war. Seeing Xander's face and previous deeds had given him an odd jolt.
"Hey, do you want me to take over this one pretty boy?" Raten said in his head.
He looked towards Layla, and then back at Xander. Right now he didn't want to quit and instead teach the playboy a lesson himself.
Grabbing the tablets from his trouser pocket, Vorden began to do some stretches as he moved towards the stage, and at one point, when his arm passed his lips to touch his elbow, he forced the pills down his throat.
'I don't know if they will have any effect, or if maybe it will take a while, either way, I'm going to beat this guy.' Vorden thought.
But Vorden didn't have to wait long to find out if the tablets were effective. He could feel a burning feeling in his stomach as soon as the tablets entered his stomach and began to digest. It wasn't a bad one, and he continued walking as if nothing had happened. There was no stop or shift in his facial expression.
But his cells seemed active, as if new, stronger ones were being formed. Vorden had taken all of the tablets at the same time, unconcerned about any negative effects. They simply did not have the time.
The pills contained a mix of effects, including a few strength pills, stamina pills, and agility pills. If the way he was feeling right now was represented in his real fighting, he might be able to fight without getting hurt.
Vorden began to wonder what the little red tablets were as he thought about them. How was someone able to quickly manufacture something that enhanced a person's strength, and if what Quinn stated was accurate, the gain was permanent, not even temporary?
He began to worry about how such an invention might change the world. Superhumans would be wandering the streets. However, he began to question why anything like this wasn't made public at the same time. Were the vampires keeping it to themselves? They were already rather powerful. Perhaps they could discover additional answers later at the same location, and Vorden would want to take the tablets from the other trail chambers if possible.
Still, even with all these questions, there was only one person who could answer them, and that was the very person who created them.
Finally, Vorden had reached the platform, and he was ready. Without hesitation, he pulled out both the black and white blades. Ready to harness their powers, If there was one thing he needed to be cautious about it was the Vampire's speed. Their natural speed was far superior to that of a human.
"I've been waiting for this!" Xander said.
"Let the fight begin!" Reli shouted.
At first, Vorden was expecting Xander to charge in as he did against the previous student. He had activated his White sword, thinking he would have to rely on speed for the most part, but, when the match had started Xander stayed still.
Sweat was running down from his forehead, and even he didn't know why.
'Come on, what's wrong, move!' He shouted inside his mind, but it was as if his legs just weren't listening.
Although Xander didn't know it, there was a deep fear rooted in him that day, when Vorden was able to resist his influence skill.
In a normal situation, Vorden would have used this chance to charge in himself, as he would if it were a fight to the death, but he instantly reminded himself that this was a fight to avoid getting harmed. As a result, he too remained stationary.
As the two just stood there staring at each other, the crowd started to get a little frustrated that nothing was happening.
"Boohoo, what the hell are you doing Xander? Just charge in like you usually do!" A student shouted.
"We came here to see a fight, not a little staring match." Another said.
These remarks eventually got to Xander more than anything else, and the anxiety that was deep inside him was overpowered by the thought of being embarrassed in front of the others. His body was functioning normally again, and he was able to charge in.
Throwing out his hand, Vorden was able to predict where the initial punch would come from, and elevating the white blade, he had knocked it away. Xander's fingers and nails had hardened to the point where they were as sharp as a sword.
The nails scrapped across the sword, and the first attack was successfully deflected. Thinking it was out of luck, Xander tried to do the same again, but it only ended up with the same result. With Vorden successfully blocking the attack.
'Luckily, I took those pills; otherwise, I would have been done for.' Vorden thought. He could tell his speed had greatly increased, but in all honestly, it was still slower than Xander's. The only reason why Vorden was able to block such attacks was because of his fighting experience.
The little shift of Xander's shoulder, and the direction he looked as he set off, were all indicators of where he would attack. allowing Vorden to anticipate his next action He was able to block Xander's initial assault because of his increased speed.
After watching the last fight, Vorden noticed something. The first hit always seemed a little slower than the second punches, and the ones after. It was as if his punches were like an engine. They would start slow and slowly rev their way up.
He was fine with dealing with the others as long as he stopped the initial punch. Still, he couldn't just dodge all day since performing a flawless counterattack and watching Xander's motions were tiring him out, and he'd make a mistake soon.
"Wow, I can't believe someone can put up a fight against Xander," Amy said. " No wonder you have the hots for him."
Layla wanted to protest and snap back that she didn't like Vorden and that the one she liked was someone else. But looking at Vorden with his jaws clenched and a few hard lines marring his forehead indicating his expert concentration, she had to admit that he looked hot. 
As For Vorden, he could see that Xander was getting more frustrated at what was going on.
"Damn you!" Xander shouted as he threw out a blood swipe attack.
Vorden swiftly moved from the strength of the white sword to the blacks, not knowing how much power a strike like this possessed. He smashed the swipe by striking it dead on. However, Xander had noted that, in comparison to the previous moves, Borden's strike appeared to be extremely sluggish.
He decided to charge in again, thinking something was wrong. Vorden, noticing this, was unconcerned since he had a large trump card under his sleeve the entire battle and now was the best time to unleash it.