Quinn was off in his world, preoccupied with what he had just spoken. As though a record player was stuck, his last name kept playing in his brain. All of the times he'd seen the name "Eno" previously were starting to flash through his mind, and one, in particular, stood out.
When glancing at Logan's room's teleporter. The method is claimed to have been designed by inventor Richard Eno. This name was well-known throughout the world. This was because he was a well-known inventor who invented things like teleporters and how to merge beast crystals into weaponry, among other things that enhanced daily life on Earth.
He was a key figure in reversing the war's course. Quinn had his doubts about Richard being a vampire after learning about the teleporter in Logan's room and how it was discovered by his parents and passed down through generations.
A regular human couldn't live that long.
But when the name was freely spoken, not once did the system nor Fex talk as if they knew the person they were talking about. Quinn had assumed it was an alias. Using the inspect skill on the teleporter, it had come up with the name Richard Eno. Perhaps it wasn't an alias, but then what relation did it have to the AI's family the tenth. Were they even related at all?
Or was it such an ancient name that even the AI and Fex didn't know about it?
If they were connected, the system had decided to conceal something significant yet again. Quinn, on the other hand, didn't have much time to ponder about this since an elderly vampire stared at him with tearful eyes.
The old man who had gone by the name of Edward was starting to get emotional hearing the name of his leader being spoken. Still, he didn't let it get to him as he quickly wiped away his eyes with the sleeve of his shirt.
[Inspection skill activated]
[Name: Edward Eno]
[Rank Vampire Noble]
[Former Vampire knight of the tenth family]
It looked as if Edward was a vampire noble, the same evolution as Quinn. However, there was also a bit more information, stating that he used to be a vampire Knight. The same rank as Silver and Clark.
If he was to remember correctly, Vampire knights were selected by the leaders. They would select the strongest vampire Nobles to fill this position, and there were only allowed two per family. The current status was possibly due to the former tenth leader disappearing.
Thinking about all this, reminded Quinn of his quest, where he was to select two vampires of his own to become a vampire knight. What he was more impressed with though, was how strong Edward was.
Even though Quinn hadn't used his all during their confrontation from earlier. With only that, he could tell Edward was stronger than Clark. Perhaps even amongst the vampire knights, some were stronger and weaker. Which was starting to make Quinn rethink his position of strength when comparing himself to them.
The role didn't necessarily have to go to someone strong, but being trustworthy also played a big part when selecting someone.
Looking at Edwards' face, the happiness had gone away and now he had a more distinguished serious look. "I will not be played for as a fool!" He shouted. "There are many that know the tenth's name. You will have to do more than that to trick me. If you do know Vincent, or someone has sent you, then you will have to prove it."
There was a slight pause in Quinn's response as he conversed with the system on what to say, after a back and forth he was finally ready to answer.
"You confessed to Ashley Young when you were just 23 years old." This ended in rejection, but not just once, but thrice." Quinn responded. Edwards' cheeks flushed with embarrassment as a result of this. "Not only that, but there's a scar on your right behind from when she refused you for the third time and you said you wouldn't accept no for an answer." She retaliated with a blow, and a cut was formed. If I'm not incorrect, you've refused to let your body repair it to this day. Furthermore, you went on to confess to..."
"Stop! Stop! Stop! Please no more!!!" Edward shouted and pleaded. "I believe you know, Vincent. Although why he would share those personal things with you is beyond me. If he is still alive, I shall beat him down to his grave once again." He said as he stomped his foot on the ground multiple times.
Quinn had never seen such a carefree vampire before. Usually, the others would make an effort to maintain some sort of image.
After releasing his anger on the floor, Edward had many questions he wanted to ask.
"So how is he, is he still alive? Did he ever fulfill his wish?" Although Edward had asked these questions, Quinn had no clue about the answers. Even after waiting a while, it seemed like the system wasn't giving him the answers either.
"I'm sorry, I don't know much, I was just told to come here and ask you for help?" Quinn replied. "What exactly happened here?"
If Quinn wasn't going to get an answer from the system, then maybe he could get something out of the old man in front of him.
Edward was unsure of what was going on, the person in front of him was surely sent by Vincent, yet he knew nothing. Looking at the two kids again, he realized they really must have been young.
"I suppose I already know the answer to what happened to him," Edward said as he let out a big sigh. "Please follow me."
The three of them started to walk up the staircase and started to walk through the halls as they headed towards the throne room. While doing so, Edward explained.
"When he left, Vincent never relinquished his seat, and the flame continued to burn brightly. Before, many thought he would return to us one day, and the Flame was our hope. However, soon the lights had turned off, and the flame was gone.
"With that, so was our hope of a leader ever coming back to us. The flame going out like that could only mean one thing, he had died. With no successor or no one to pass on, we thought the flame would never be lit."
"The most likely scenario was for a new family to be created. The ritual is to be completed and a new bloodline to be formed. However, politics, as usual, seemed to get in the way and in the end, the Tenth and their people were left in a limbo state... forgotten."
"Until recently, news of the flame in the main castle being lit again had spread. Perhaps the tenth leader had never died, or a successor had come back. When I saw the lights in the castle light up. I thought the lord had returned. I'm sorry… it's the reason I lashed out at you two. I was expecting to see the lord and when I saw two kids instead, I overreacted to the situation without letting you explain."
The tenth leader had left, now it made sense why the place was rundown, unlike the other castles. However, it still didn't explain how Quinn's parents had managed to get the book. If the tenth leader was the creator of the book and Quinn had accidentally become the successor when opening it, why did they have it?
And why did the tenth leader decide to leave his people? Was it such an important matter?
Eventually, they had reached the throne room, which looked quite empty compared to the rest of the castle. It wasn't a usual throne room, though. The room was located at the very top of the castle, but unlike the others, on the opposite end of where the chair where a wall would usually be. There was just a very large pane of glass.
Looking out, one was able to see the view of the entire city and all of the people down below. "It's beautiful," Quinn said looking out.
"This was the lord's favorite spot. He would often stare out that window, looking out at everyone. I remember when he had that specially made, he wanted to have eyes on everything going on at all times. He truly did care for us all. Unlike what the other families think."
Quinn kept staring out the window. He felt strange when he stared down at all the folks down below. He began to envision himself as the lord of such a fortress. What if all those individuals underneath him were his responsibility? If they trusted him to lead them, and the weight of that trust.
He couldn't tell if he liked it or not. Perhaps if he was faced with so many people's worries, he would have chosen to run away as well. But then he started to think of why he was here in the first place. To save Fex. If everyone down below was another Fex, perhaps even he would do everything in his power to protect them.
"Erm!" Edward said, clearing his throat, wanting to move forward with their conversation. "Sorry to interrupt, but there is an important question I have to ask. Due to the flame being lit. It is now known to everyone there is a new leader. If Vincent or this new leader has sent you here. Then I can only assume you know who it is, or where they are?"
Quinn waited a long before responding, and soon, the system spoke. Who had been deafeningly quiet when they first entered the palace.
"If we wish for him to help us, then we need to tell him everything. Inform him that you are the new tenth leader." The system said.
Not sure what reaction he would get, but thinking about saving Fex, he did as told.
"I have been sent here because I am the tenth leader," Quinn said.
******