Walking towards the tenth’s palace, Timmy was unknowingly leading the way since the others would let him go ahead. Because the castles were so enormous and majestic, they could be seen from almost anywhere in the community. The trouble was that they didn't have any numerals to indicate which castle was which.
And because there is a huge castle in the center and another enormous castle at the finish. Logan couldn't even come up with a reasonable arrangement for the castles. However, the design of each castle was slightly different, as was the big banner bearing down from the top.
It was the crest of the family. Logan had noticed the family crest on a few classmates. Xander was an example of this, as were many in the family's close circle who were not part of the pool.
The group was currently in what was regarded as the main area. Every vampire had a family, although this was referred to as the vampire pool. The vampires, who lacked the family's talents and could flip between, hoped to one day climb to the inner circle by demonstrating their strength.
The style of life wasn't too horrible. There were still lovely residences all around, pleasant smiles of the residents and stores. It appeared to be much like any other human village, except that it was completely black. Logan was worried that Timmy would just be heading to his own house, which was located in the pool area. That meant they wouldn't be allowed to visit the tenth castle, but it shouldn't be too difficult to figure out which one it was, he reasoned.
As the two of them went in the back, Cia was nearly clinging to Layla's arm. She was considerably less communicative now, and it didn't appear like she was chatting to Layla. Layla, on the other hand, was getting tired of it.
She could now manage her emotions pretty well and at will thanks to her educational instruction. She could employ both of her skills if necessary without needing to feed off Cia's bad feelings. Still, for some reason, Cia's usually unpleasant feelings were beginning to leak out more and more, and Layla, not knowing what to do, would devour them for her, but she couldn't help but think this was a horrible idea. Perhaps Cia was getting reliant on Layla to raise her spirits.
Soon she would have to stop or find the root cause of what exactly was causing her negative thoughts.
When they walked, everyone on the streets, including Timmy, came to a halt as they saw the spectacle in front of them. Everyone in the room began to gesture and gaze in one direction in particular. It belonged to one of the castles.
Unlike the others, this castle wasn't lit up, until now.
"What's happening, did the tenth leader return!" Timmy said excitedly.
The lights were turned out soon after, but that didn't stop people on the streets and elsewhere from discussing what they had just observed.
"Guy's did you see, did you see? The tenth's castle lights went on!" Timmy said in excitement. Timmy wasn't exactly an outspoken or energetic person, so to see him this excited about something the others felt like this must have been quite the big deal.
"Yeah, I can't believe it, right?" Vorden said, trying to fake his excitement as well.
Timmy was now walking much quicker than previously when leading the way. He hopped with each stride, and the joy on his face hadn't faded. Logan had observed the others' faces were largely concerned as he looked around.
The good news was that Timmy appeared to be on his way to the lightened-up castle. He could only presume it was the tenths castle, and even if Timmy did reside in the pooling region, they knew roughly where they needed to go.
Finally, they had gotten quite close to the inner castle area and a wall not too high could be seen that seemed to split the two sections apart. Timmy continued to walk forward while the others stopped. For there seemed to be guards stationed at the wall that separated the two areas.
When Timmy noticed the others were no longer walking, he turned around.
"What's wrong?" Timmy asked. "Oh, is it because we are going into the inner castle area? Don't worry too much about it, I can get us in. I'm close with the former Vampire knight, Edward. He always lets me in.
"The truth is, I and my family don't live in the inner castle area either, but you see Edward is a nice guy. Unlike the other families, they don't believe in their segregated tier system. As long as you are a part of the family, you are free to choose to be in the pooling area or the inner castle area.
"He's told me multiple times that if it was up to him, he would have torn down these walls already, but unfortunately it's the current rules of the place. Besides, you know our situation is unique anyway, right?"
"You mean because there is no current tenth leader?" Logan replied, remembering from his research what he had found out. Still, when looking there was no reason attributed to why there was no current leader in the first place, so he had to be careful. Especially with Timmy. Since the two of them should have the same base of knowledge.
"No, I'm not talking about that," Timmy replied. "The fact that the tenth family has no set ability like the other families. It makes sense for them to segregate the two areas since those within the castle area know the family's abilities, but for us, who all either have our ability or none at all, it makes no sense. In a way, I guess this is also why no one wants to join the tenths family and try to move up.
"Even if you get within the inner circle, what's the reward? You don't learn a strong cool ability like the others. Although my Mum and Dad said it wasn't always like this, before many wanted to join, it never made much sense to me."
Timmy's explanation seemed to be all over the place for Logan to get any decent information. However, he couldn't blame Timmy. It seemed like it was like this for a reason, and there weren't many that knew the whole reason why the tenths castle was the way it was.
Still, it wasn't their problem, what was more important was they found Quinn as soon as possible.
When they were walking with Timmy, the guards waved them through with no issue. They didn't even look up as they passed as if the guards were only statues for show.
For now, Logan thought it was best to continue following Timmy. They weren't even sure if Quinn was actually in the castle in the first place, and maybe they could learn more from this Edward person that Timmy wanted to meet.
Finally, they had arrived at the largest house in the inner castle area. It was hard to call it a house since it looked more like a mansion. There was a gate outside and a pathway leading up to the large door.
There was a metal knocker that was about the size of a human head, lifting it. Timmy gave it a few knocks.
They all waited for a while but there was no response at all. "That's strange. Edward is a hermit, he never leaves his house. I even used to get food for him from time to time."
He knocked again and this time also shouted. "Sir Edward are you there!! I wanted to ask what was going on at the tower, and the school told us you would tell us what was going on."
Once again there was no answer, and Timmy could only assume that nobody was in. Still, it was very strange indeed.
"Well, should we just head to the castle?" Layla asked. "That's where the light turned on right? Maybe Sir Edward went to check it out?"
Timmy thought about it for a while before giving his answer. "The problem is, no one is allowed in the castle, and even then there is a circular lock on the front door. Edward is the only one that knows the combination so I don't even know how we would get in."
At that very moment, Logan could feel the mask going off inside his backpack. He made sure to keep a spider inside, that would notify him if it was receiving any messages. He decided to do this in case of times like these.
"Logan are you there, I have an important message. Peter and I are safe. We are currently inside the tenth castle. If you can answer this as soon as possible then we can come up with a plan.
"It would be best if you could head to the tenth castle now."
Hearing this message, Logan decided to make the suggestion.
"I think we should check out the tenth castle," Logan said.
Seeing no harm, Timmy agreed and the group decided to head off towards the castle, after being split for so long, it looked like they would once again be reunited.
*****