Despite Edward's warning to Quinn to take the fight seriously and employ all of his resources. He was never concerned that he might be seriously injured in this battle. There were two key reasons for this, the first of which was his unique ability.
Most vampires and even creatures would assume he was indestructible since he could convert his body into mist as long as they didn't know how it operated. The second reason was that he couldn't feel scared when he looked at Quinn.
Perhaps it was because he could tell his evolution was only that of a vampire noble, and he knew he had recently become one as well.
Holding out his hand, Edward was the first to attack. "Blood spray." It was a move Quinn knew well, and suddenly a shotgun-like spray of blood came shooting out from Edward's hand.
"Let's see your defensive skills then," Edward said.
The shadow that was hovering over Quinn's back immediately moved to the front, covering his entire body, and once it had blocked the attack, Quinn moved to the side.
After all, this was training and Quinn was only there to show off his skills, so he didn't charge in or do anything he typically would.
"Okay, try again," Edward said, this time shooting out a blood spray once, and then a second time straight after.
But it didn't matter for Quinn if it was one or two. His shadow would be able to block it, but this thinking was exactly what Edward thought it would be.
"Blood control."
As he split his hands apart, the blood followed, as if he was performing telekinesis on his blood. Edward had control over the flow of blood and had shifted the direction of the onslaught. The two blood sprays were now coming from the side rather than the front.
Quinn's shadow, on the other hand, was fast to respond and split in two, producing two blanket-like figures covering his sides and deflecting the attack.
"Looks like your defensive skills are quite impressive, I should have expected from the punisher's power," Edward said. "Now, let's see how you attack."
Just as before, the mist began to fill the entire room, completely concealing it. The others could see Quinn through the mist but had no idea where Edward was.
'Should I use the shadow void?' Quinn pondered. 'No, it'll be pointless.' The vampire knights appear to be aware of the shadow's abilities as well as its weaknesses. Furthermore, we will almost certainly be confronted with several opponents soon. I can't trust the shadow dome.'
Quinn saw a movement in the mist and threw a punch, but it hit nothing and the mist split apart once again.
"A punch to the stomach," Edward said.
Hearing the voice from behind, Quinn turned and threw out a kick and all it did was move the mist about again.
'Where is he?'
"A kick to your back," Edward said again. "You would have been hit two times already by now, I know you would have had the shadow to protect you, but the shadow won't last forever. Quinn, I can see you have been human for most of your life now. You are relying far too much on your human senses, sight, hearing, touch."
"As a vampire, all our senses are far more heightened, than that of others and we also have new senses. When you faced Clark the vampire knight, or even went against Jin, the vampire leader. Could you not sense how dangerous they were?"
"That wasn't in your head, that too is one of our senses, right now if you want to find where my true body is, you need to focus on that feeling."
The voice was coming from all over, and Quinn tested and turned his head, trying to find out where the voice was coming from, but it was completely useless. Edward could see he still wasn't listening.
"Fine." From the mist, Edward went in for the attack. As soon as his fingertips were felt on the back of Quinn's collar, Quinn decided to use the flash step directly behind him.
A hand could be seen trying to touch where he was just seconds ago, but the rest of Edward's body was still invisible.
"The flash step. What a skillful move."
The hand then suddenly disappeared, and once again fingers were felt on his collar, but Quinn wasn't fast enough to react as he was yanked down and thrown to the floor.
"But it's a move that all vampire knights know. Perhaps it's impressive for those around your age, but others will simply match you with this skill, making it pointless to use and just a waste of stamina." Edward explained.
The mist started to disappear again and now Edward was seen on the other side of the room. "That's enough of that, is that all the skills you have in your arsenal."
"No, there are still a few things I haven't tried yet," Quinn said.
Quinn had a remarkable talent that he could employ from this wide distance. Twisting his hip, he sent out his leg like a whip, launching a roundhouse kick. "Blood crescent strike." Quinn sought to put as little Qi into it as possible so as not to damage his power.
Still, it was enough for Edward to see that this power was different; it was greater than a normal blood swipe.
But as the attack moved forward, Edward continued to stand there, and when the attack hit his body, it had passed through him. Where the attack connected with his body mist could be seen as it went past, and it quickly disappeared after.
"That ability is so strong." Quinn thought.
There were a couple of things Quinn hadn't tried yet; he had his new Bloodshot talent and hammer blood strike, but it felt like both of these would be useless against Edward. As all attacks should just pass through his mist-like body.
Until he learned how to hit his real body, then there would be nothing.
"You must try to find a way," Edward said. "Some of the vampire leaders' abilities are far worse than mine."
"Could I grab him with my shadow?" Quinn pondered. "It would slow down his ability's usage. More than likely, Edward can control when his body changes into a mist-like state, but it couldn't constantly be like that otherwise he wouldn't be able to fight or touch. He can only switch because of his impeccable timing."
"Also, Humans aren't the only ones limited by Mc cells, so were vampires, so if he could he would need to use his ability as little as possible."
"You know, when I fought against Clark, I was trying to think of a way to increase my attack power. During that time an idea came up in my head to try something new." Quinn said. "I was saving this for the vampire leaders. I'm sorry, but I need to test out if this works first."
"I can take whatever you have for me," Edward said.
Edward was on the floor a few seconds later, blood streaming from the top of his shoulder. He was drenched in sweat and staring up at Quinn, who stood over him.
"I… Knew it, of course, you would have to be special to become the tenth leader. Not just anyone can become a family head."
"Master, perhaps one day you will be able to achieve that silly dream of yours," Peter said, watching from the side.
While Timmy was speechless at what he had just seen, he didn't even know how to describe it.
With Quinn's abilities measured, Edward had asked Timmy to get some blood packs that were located in the castle. When returning, both Quinn and Edward were given them to speed up the healing process. Quinn wasn't hurt, but he had used some blood attack and it was best to just get him back up to speed.
While they were resting, Edward had asked Quinn about how he had come across the shadow ability in the first place and Quinn replied truthfully. This answer seemed to disappoint him a bit as if he was expecting something.
"Sorry, I just thought that after learning you had the punisher's powers made, there were others out there. But it seems like you did just come across the power by chance. Punishers were very loyal to their own and would do anything to protect each other, so I thought there was a good chance that others might come to help you, but I guess they are all dead." Edward explained.
"Alright, next on the training list will be the Wight, as for you two though I have a special task," Edward said. "When Timmy gave the blood banks, I remembered that there was something I forgot to do. While I'm busy training with Peter, I want you to go out around the inner castle area and deliver everyone their blood packs for this week."
"What, why me, And won't I get recognized?" Quinn asked.
"I promise you that this is also part of your training as well, I wouldn't waste time when we only have a short time frame. The other families aren't allowed to enter the inner area without permission, and I know you are going to complain about the guards and how you guys were let in easily, but the other vampires will stay true to this rule."
"Now go out there and deliver some blood."
[New quest received, Deliver blood to the tenths people]
****