Quinn exuded confidence as he surveyed the vampires around him. Perhaps it was because he sensed that they were all normal vampires, and none of them belonged to the noble class. The same instinct that would normally advise him to escape was not there here.
He had felt terror when confronted by vampires such as Jin, Clark, and Edward, but none of it was sensed here, even though he was outnumbered. Timmy, who was standing next to him, was less certain.
He had witnessed Quinn training with Edward and had managed to harm Edward, but only because he had done some strange move that needed the shadow talent. The trouble was, out in the open like this, Quinn wasn't going to battle with his shadow. Not unless he intended to tell every vampire that the punisher was safe and sound at the tenth's palace.
Little did they know that all of the vampire leaders already knew of such a thing but could do nothing about it.
Seeing an unknown Vampire's cocky face and a young one at that rubbed the other adults the wrong way.
"Don't kill him." The vampire in charge of the gang said. The leader was the one who stood at the front and had mohawk-like hair. "We don't want to get in trouble for killing someone part of the same family. Edward will then come after us, but make sure he remembers not to cross us again."
The vampires started to charge in and both Timmy, as well as Quinn, prepared themselves. Timmy was right, during this fight, Quinn wouldn't be using his shadow ability, however, he would be using everything else.
When he saw two vampires charging in front of him, Quinn shot out two blood swipes from his hand, combining them with some Qi. When the vampires saw this, they answered with their own. But they were in for a nice surprise when the two lines of auras collided, Quinn broke theirs in an instant and went ahead.
It was unexpected, and the vampires ended up being hit by the powerful blow, taking them out of the fight. But it didn't distract the others from their goal. The others had already reached Quinn's position and started striking at him. Still, they were too slow. Each blow was avoided and not even a single scratch was placed on him.
Finally, using the flash step, he was able to reposition himself behind them, he quickly grabbed onto two of the vampires' heads, while kicking another two away.
[Active skill, activate!]
Using the gauntlet's power, they started to light up, and a few seconds later, a blue shock of lightning had come out of his gloves, stunning them and causing them to pass out.
The power of the attack was stronger than before, and there was a reason for that. Reading the description carefully again, it said that if there was another power source, then the cooldown time, as well as the power of the active skill, would be altered.
Right now he was testing out a theory of his, what would happen if he was to infuse his Qi with the active skill? This was the result of said action. It was able to knock out regular vampires.
Timmy was in the middle of his confrontation and was busy fighting one of the vampires one on one. What this meant though, was that the crate was left unprotected.
Grabbing the crate from behind, a vampire was ready to push it away.
"Keep going, I'll keep this one distracted!" The leader shouted. After witnessing Quinn's display of skills, he never thought he could beat him now, but that wasn't a problem. Vampires didn't usually kill each other, especially those from the same family, so he wasn't scared.
He was counting on his friends to get just far enough so that they could hide the blood stash for later.
Quinn was about to go after the man in the container, trying to ignore the leader, when his two feet became fully glued to the floor. When he peered down, he noticed a green slime-like substance.
"An ability? Damn I didn't, expect a regular vampire to have one." Quinn said, and the other vampire now had grabbed onto the crate and was ready to run.
Meanwhile, Edward had just gone through a round of training with Peter and was allowing him to rest. He started to think about how Quinn was fearing right about now.
"If you want to save Fex it will be difficult. There will be multiple enemies we have to deal with at once, and on top of that, we cannot forget the original goal. In this situation, I want you to think of the crate as Fex. While we will be busy fighting against multiple different opponents, they will be after him." Edward thought.
The crate was getting away and Quinn was stuck on the ground still. The goo didn't seem to be wearing off. Perhaps if he was calm, he could have figured a way out of the situation, but with the blood being stolen he could see his quest reward fading away with it.
"No, get back here!" Quinn shouted.
The vampire had moved the container only a few meters away and was smiling broadly. A few seconds later, though, a dark black shadow appeared directly by his side. Then a gigantic boney claw-like hand appeared from the shadows, and the container abruptly came to a halt.
When the vampire looked down, he discovered that his arm was no longer attached to his hands. His two hands, which were still clutching onto the container, had been severed. The creature's entire body could now be seen moving out of the darkness, and Quinn recognized it right once, even though he had only seen it a few times before. The Bone claw was the culprit.
 It looked at the vampire in front of him, who appeared to be in shock at what had just occurred. It raised its hand in the air, ready to strike.
"Stop!" Quinn shouted, and the Bone claw's hand stayed still in place. "This is not what I want."
The Bone Claw turned to face Quinn and stared at him for a while. Then he returned his gaze to the vampire, who didn't appear to be dangerous at all. When such things happened to humans, they typically had two reactions. One might say, "I'm sorry," and all they wanted to do was exit the situation. The second option is to curse the person who did this and fight to the death.
It was the first option for this vampire, and the Bone claw began to slowly transform into mist, returning to Quinn.
Looking back at the person he needed to deal with, he could see that the leader including the other vampires, had already run away.
With the fight over, Quinn had received something after all from the fight. With six vampires defeated he had gained a 100 exp each from beating them.
[600 exp received]
[Congratulation you are now level 24]
[1 free stat point gained]
[200/1600 exp]
As usual, Quinn placed the free stat point into his charm skill. Since it was the hardest one to gain points for. There was no natural blood type that would increase it after all.
Returning to the crate, Quinn could see Timmy there. He hadn't said a word about what he had just seen, even though he had a tone of questions he wanted to ask. Instead, the two of them tried to help the vampire that had both of its arms detached.
Timmy gave Quinn blood from one of the blood bags as Quinn held both hands on top of the scorched section. Quinn was concerned that doing so would result in his failing the mission, but since Timmy did everything, nothing occurred and the adventure continued as usual.
Perhaps it was because, in the end, the vampire they were treating would have gotten a pack of blood eventually, anyway.
While waiting for his hands to heal, Quinn started to ask the vampire some questions. He was thankful and hadn't said anything so far while they were both helping him out.
"Why did you try to take the blood?" Quinn asked.
"Don't you already know? We were planning to give it to the first family. One of the nobles promised us if we gave them enough blood they would recommend us for a transfer." The vampire replied.
"After everything Edward has done for you all. You know he will look after everyone here." Timmy complained.
"You know there is no future in the tenth." The vampire said back. "What's the point of being here. We get mocked every day by the others, and there is no chance for us to learn a new ability. What else are we meant to do, I hate the fact that my family was born in the tenth."
The three of them remained silent, and once the vampire's hands were healed. Both Timmy and Quinn thought it was best to let him go. They wouldn't be trying to grab the crate anytime soon, anyway.
"Have things gotten this bad?" The system thought. "Was it the right thing to do, to leave all these people to suffer like this, because of my selfish desires?"
The two of them continued the task of delivering the blood, and there were no more incidents like the last one. Finally, they had reached the last household, and Quinn was happy to deliver the last set of blood packs.
As the vampire shut the door, the sweet dinging sound was heard in his head, and the system messages started to appear.
[Congratulations you have completed the quest.]
[Instant level-up reward received]
[Level 25]
Quinn believed it was worthwhile to take on this mission based on the first prize. It wasn't difficult or time-consuming, and he had gained two levels as a result. Furthermore, it did not appear to be the end, as other sounds from the system were heard.
[You have gained the tenths families people's trust]
[A hundred reputation points have been received]
[A new title has been given]
[Edward’s little helper]
"What the hell does this all mean?" Quinn thought.
****