Timmy turned his head to the right to look at Quinn. One second the crate was above his head and the next... At first, he thought that perhaps Quinn was being considerate since the crate was quite a precious and handy item that they often used for deliveries. Still, the next second it was no longer where it once was, completely gone.
Looking across the field, he noticed that the so-called special container had been thrown away, knocking over what appeared to be a teenage boy.
"What do you think you're doing? The crate!" Timmy yelled. "And that looked like an ordinary boy you hit!"
Quinn, on the other hand, did not respond to Timmy's cries and screaming since he had a serious and concerned expression on his face. When he arrived, he noticed the feared spike on the person's back. It was, without a doubt, a Dalki.
Soon after, the crate went flying up in the air, before landing back down, creating another crater someplace else on the field. Timmy was horrified at what he was seeing. First, the crate was damaged beyond repair, and now the field. How was he going to explain all of this to Edward when he came back?
The Dalki stood still and looked straight ahead towards Quinn.
"That's no teenage boy. It's a Dalki!" Quinn shouted as he charged in.
"A what?" Timmy said, confused. Sure, the person in front looked a little different from an average human, but he didn't give off the presence of a vampire and looked more human than anything else. It was clear though, it was something Timmy had never seen or heard of before.
'The Dalki, what are they doing on the vampire planet?' Quinn thought. Seeing the single spike on its back brought back memories for Quinn. Back then he wasn't strong enough to defeat it, and Leo had come in to help, but Quinn had grown by leaps and bounds in strength since then.
'Shadow Equip'
'Wind Walk'
'Shadow control'
"Blood crescent kick!" Activating several skills, Quinn was ready for anything, and before getting close, he wanted to test his longest-range attack. His blood crescent kick.
As the red aura came close to the Dalki, it readied itself by crouching down slightly with its arms by its side, and when the attack was close enough, using all its strength, it took the attack straight on, hitting it as hard as it could.
The red aura was shattered.
But something had happened that the Dalki never expected. As it looked at its arm, it could see that a quite deep cut was made and green blood was seeping out from the wound.
"You hurt..me?" It was a surprise. The Dalki didn't know the extent of its strength, and it didn't know if it was weak or strong. When it first came to this world, it was chucked in to fight against hideous creatures, but none of them was a challenge, and not a single one had managed to create a wound on him.
This was the first time the Dalki had felt pain.
But instead of feeling weak, strange energy was felt surging inside his body, then at this moment, something else was felt coming out from his back.
"Oh, no!" Layla gasped as she covered her mouth with both her hands. "It's a second spike."
In an instant, the fight had gone from dangerous, to very dangerous. A one-spiked Dalki would have been hard enough, and Quinn had no clue how strong a two-spiked Dalki would be. Still, what he did know was the Dalki got stronger and stronger the closer they were to dying.
So he needed to finish this fight as soon as possible, and with it, he would have to use his strongest move.
'I need to use it now, the thing I used against Edward.' Quinn thought.
Charging in, Quinn started to raise the shadow and gather it around his gauntlets. The Qi began to power through, and the skill was activated, showing a blue charge. Little bolts of blue lightning started to form in the shadow around the gauntlets. But this was only the starting point of the attack, there was still more to it before it was ready.
"Stop! "Vorden suddenly shouted as he had stepped in between the two. "Please, let me explain to him. Can you calm down for me…brother?" Vorden awkwardly said to the Dalki, and it did as it was told as it no longer was crouched in a fighting stance, and the energy around it seemed to disappear.
'Brother?" Hearing this strange word, Quinn too had stopped supplying his gauntlets with Qi, but he left his shadow out, just in case something was up. Having a closer look at the Dalki, it did look nearly identical to Vorden, but without the long hair, and it seemed to be listening to him.
"What is going on?" Quinn asked.
"I know this sounds crazy, but I don't know either. He only just got here. But please trust me, Quinn. I know he isn't here to hurt us. You can trust me, right?"
It was hard to believe that the vicious Dalki race that was at war against the humans was to do them no harm. But then again, many people here weren't exactly human, and it did seem like the Dalki was listening carefully to Vorden.
"Okay," Quinn said as he put away the shadow.
"A two spiked Dalki," Logan said. "Although I am glad that the two didn't fight. It would have been nice to see how strong a two-spike was in comparison to Quinn. That way, we would have had some type of guideline to go by. And see if we were strong enough to stop him."
The Dalki walked up close and was now by 
Vorden's
 side. Quinn also walked towards Vorden, and now that he was closer, he really could see that there was next to no difference at all between the two, almost like a clone.
Although Vorden was quick to trust his lookalike, Quinn wasn't, and he had multiple questions on his mind about what just had happened in the short time he was away.
The others, who were standing by the side, seeing the three so close and nothing happening, decided to go come in closer as well, as they needed to all discuss what to do next.
Both Quinn and the Dalki were looking at each other intently, and Vorden in between felt a little awkward.
"Please, he is my best friend," Vorden said. "You can trust him."
"I believe you, I like your friend." The Dalki said as he gave a smile. "You are strong, I wish I could have fought you more, but I respect my brother's wish."
The more Quinn heard the Dalki speak, the less he could hate him. He spoke like Vorden and also seemed to have a soft, gentle face, just like when Quinn had first met him. There was also no bad intention felt behind his words.
Quinn hated to say it, but the Dalki did seem to be okay.
Now that Logan was close as well, he had noticed the wound on the Dalki's arm. The blood coming out of it was green. Things were starting to confuse Logan, as he couldn't affirm what had possibly happened.
But then, something clicked in his mind as he thought back to the lab. It had been sending off information to another unknown place. Was this Dalki in front of them created, and was it because of him, but how was that possible. Wasn't the Dalki some type of an Alien race that waged war against the humans?
Was only this one created, or were they all created? There were too many questions, and the first one that needed to be answered for him was whether or not it was because of him, that this Dalki Vorden lookalike was made.
A sample of blood would do, and then he could use it to the sample and compare the green liquid he created for Vorden. If the two of them matched up, then he knew it was his fault.
"We probably have a load of questions for you," Vorden said, looking at the Dalki. "Do you mind if we go inside and ask?"
"I will be happy to, but I'm afraid I won't be able to help you out much. I shall still do my best to aid you." The Dalki replied.
"That's a good idea," Peter replied. "There are a few things I need to update you on as well, Quinn."
With that, the group decided to head inside. Still, one more thing needed to be urgently agreed upon before they did anything else.
“Wait!" Layla shouted as she stopped the group. "We can't just keep on referring to the Vorden look alike as "Dalki"."
"I'm, Dalki?" He said, pointing to himself.
"No, you're not Dalki. Don't worry, we will try to explain." Vorden said a little confused as to why he had never heard the word Dalki before. "Do you have a name?"
"A name…. A name I do not have. Why don't you give me one brother." The Dalki asked.
Vorden was a bit fluffed as he was put on the spot. He never thought this would happen, but Layla was right, they couldn't just keep calling him Dalki boy.
"I have a suggestion," Logan replied. "How about Borden? He looks like Vorden anyway, and it's different enough."
"You, have got to be joking," Cia said. "That is the dumbest name I have ever heard."
"I kinda like it," Quinn replied. "I was thinking of the same thing."
"Borden… Borden, and Vorden. The two brothers." Borden said with a smile on his face.
*****