Quinn was glancing at the Dalki and pondering about something as the group walked back. He wasn't thinking about Dalki at all. Instead, he was thinking about what Timmy had stated briefly before.
Now that he was no longer in the raging bull mode, he had time to process everything.
"So, Timmy?" Quinn asked. "You haven't seen anything that looks like Borden before. Or heard of the Dalki race?"
Timmy looked at Borden closely, the scales, the spikes, and all sorts trying to think if he could picture it, anywhere at all. The world Dalki perhaps had been passed around a few times before, but he had no clue what it meant or was referring to.
"I'm sorry, but I can't say I have," Timmy replied. "Is it a special type of beast?"
Quinn reasoned that the Dalki appeared to be little more than a strong humanoid beast. Quinn was beginning to wonder what was going on after hearing what Timmy had said.
In the past on the orange portal planet. The group had discovered an underground settlement. At first, Quinn thought it was a Dalki settlement, that was until Fex who was with him at the time said it looked exactly like a vampire settlement, stating that the architecture and materials used were the same.
Being in the vampire world now and looking around, there was some resemblance to what Fex had said. Although it looked as if they were able to work with the strange hard black materiel a bit easier now, creating smoother surfaces creating a more modern look. If he was to compare the two, one looked like an old settlement while the current place looked like a new one.
But it was evident that what Fex had said the last time was correct. The vampires didn't bother teaching the others anything about the Dalki or what was going on on Earth. Even though they have spies stationed on Earth and it was formerly their previous colony. Why did the leaders choose to conceal it when they knew about it? Or did they truly care so little about their past?
"System, before we met that Dalki that one time, did you know anything about the Dalki, and please, I want you to be honest with me?" Quinn asked.
"No, when you fought with the one on the desert planet, it was my first time seeing one as well. Remember when I was around. The human race wasn't at war with anything, and vampires still lived on earth."
The periods when certain events happened and such just weren't fitting in Quinn's head, and it was starting to give him a headache. It felt like even if the system did tell him everything he knew, there would still be more that needed to be found out before he had all of his answers.
One thing at a time, right now they needed to find out why, and what the Dalki was doing here.
As they entered the castle, they once again decided to head for the large dining room and sat down in their seats.
"Wait a second. Where's Edward. Shouldn't he be here if this is something really important?" Timmy asked.
"About that, I needed to tell you guys, Edward said he was called for a meeting," Peter replied. "I'll be honest when he left he didn't have the best of looks on his face. He also said if he didn't return, remember we're trying to save Fex, not fight against the vampires."
Quinn wasn't stupid, if Edward had given Peter that message then it was more so than likely that Edward wouldn't be returning to them. So all they could do was move to the matter at hand.
The group decided that it would be best for Logan to do the questioning since he would be able to extract the most amount of information from their new friend.
"So Borden, earlier you said you had never heard of the Dalki before, do you know what you are?" Logan asked.
"What do you mean? I'm like my brother, aren't I? He just hasn't gotten his scales out yet. I'm sure when I get better and stronger, I will be able to hide my scales and the spike in my back as well." Borden replied.
The group could tell this was going to be a hard one, and they would perhaps have to tiptoe around certain matters.
"Do you know why you are here, or how you got here?" Logan asked.
"The last thing I remember was being in a glass container full of liquid. I couldn't see much as my eyes were all a blur at the time. The next thing I know, I was being yanked out by some strange claw machine. My whole body felt weak as if I had just woken up.
"When the claw machine finally let me go, I was placed in a strange white room where I could see a robot. It said something about a trial and then dropped these tall-looking strange creatures into the room. I finished all the trials, and that's how I got those red pills, I gave to my brother before.
"I waited, hoping that someone would come by and tell me what to do, but I became bored and decided to walk into the other trial rooms and complete the tasks there as well as collect all the awards. That's when I had a strange sense, a kind of connection, and came here to find my brother."
"Wait, isn't he talking about the lab we arrived at when we first came here?" Layla said.
It certainly did sound like It, and Logan was beginning to think more, and more somehow he was involved in this process.
"And that's all you remember, nothing before that at all, how can you speak?"
"Yep, that's all I can remember. I have no memories other than that. As for speech, it was slowly coming to me, as if it was always in my mind. At first, it was difficult to talk. I knew what I wanted to say, but it felt tiring, but now it's getting easier. When you said the word Dalki, before. I knew of the word, I just didn't know what it was."
Logan thought about what to say next for a while until he finally decided.
"Look, we want to be friends here, so I want to be completely honest with you. You and Vorden aren't the same." Logan said.
Hearing this, the others felt like ducking or hiding under the table. Why would Logan review information like that so suddenly? Then they remembered Logan wasn't exactly the type to be on the cautious side when he thought about people's feelings.
"But, I do believe you and Vorden are related. Maybe closer than you think. If you don't mind. I hope I can bring both you and Vorden together so we can learn more about you two. You can even learn about each other."
The others silently waited for a response, and then, a small smile appeared on Borden's face.
"Of course, that sounds great. I would love to learn about myself and my brother more."
Everyone was relieved at the response that was given and was genuinely thankful that they had managed to meet a nice Dalki. Possibly the only nice Dalki in the whole universe.
"For now, I think it's best if we all continue our training," Quinn said. "I know Edwards is not here, but that's all we can do until the day. We will wait for him to come back and if he doesn't, we will leave here in the next two days."
With that said, Timmy went off to have a look at the mist ability book. Peter and Quinn remained together as they would use each other as sparing partners. While the other three boys would be heading to the research lab together.
"Logan before you go, take this," Quinn said as he handed him a small-looking bright red crystal. "It's something called a blood crystal. It's meant to hold great power, like that of a beast crystal, but instead, it comes from a vampire."
"Why are you giving me this?" Logan replied. "Do you wish for me to create a weapon for you?"
"No, apparently the crystal is too weak for something like that, and whatever you made would be weaker than my current weapon. So I thought maybe you would want to do some research and find a better use out of it than me." Said Quinn.
"You always do seem to bring me some interesting things."
There was a lot of work for Logan to do on his end in the next two days. He needed to find out information about the Dalki. Have a look at the red blood pills, and now he also needed to look at the blood crystal.
But, he wasn't one to shy away from work; instead, he was getting excited at the thought of pulling a couple of all-nighters and figuring everything out. This trip was not wasted at all, and he was glad he had joined Quinn and his group on this task.
When eventually everyone had left the room, only the two girls and Peter was left standing by Quinn's side. They started to walk over, and Peter dreaded what they were about to ask.
"Quinn, can we talk to you about something?" Layla asked, looking towards Cia.
This was a conversation Quinn wanted to avoid, but knew he couldn't keep running away from. It was better to deal with it now than before.
"Quinn." Cia started the conversation. "I'm not angry at you. Well, not angry anymore, that is. I understand why you did what you did. To protect your friends, to protect everyone and your secret. Layla told me everything. What I wanted to ask is, is there any way for me to have my memories back? And hear me out before you say no. Maybe there isn't a way now, but I just want you to try.
"Think about it from my perceptive please, and if you think I'll change when I have my memories back, I won't. You can trust me, and I can prove it. I heard from Layla that vampires that are created from someone can't go against their leader, they can't attack them or go against their order. So I want you to turn me into a vampire. To prove that I won't betray you... Can you do all that for me?" Cia asked.
*****