Cia's proposal was one Quinn had never considered before. Even before all of this, he had always considered Cia to be an outsider. Unlike the others, she had been unaware of his secret and had kept it hidden from them. So there was no relationship, no time spent together, and she was correct about the lack of trust.
He was the only one who didn't want Cia on this trip in the first place, but he had to acknowledge that the proposal itself wasn't a terrible one. However, the primary reason he was thinking this was selfish.
Quinn was preoccupied with his goal, the desire to become a leader. Completing that quest would most certainly result in various prizes, one of which being having 10 members of the Cursed family. So far, there have been Layla, Peter, and Leo, totaling 3/10. To be honest, he wasn't sure who he would turn to finish this mission because there were a few drawbacks to turning individuals.
The first was not knowing what they were going to become. There were other possibilities, some of which had significant drawbacks, such as Peter becoming a ghoul. The second reason was the loss of ability, which was why he had never considered suggesting it to Logan or Vorden. Their skills were powerful and beneficial. If they hadn't had them, they would have died by now.
And even Layla was yet to find a new ability for herself after losing the last one.
The important thing before any of this was, could he even return her memories?
"System, is there a way for Cia to have her memories returned?" Quinn asked.
"It is truly an impossible assignment, whether via your acts or her own." The system responded. "However, it is not impossible. I'm not sure if one of the vampire leader powers can help you see, or if she is still the leader. At the same time, I doubt they would ever help a human."
It seemed like a long, difficult, and practically impossible procedure. They were ready to go against the entire vampire structure and community, including the leaders. After these occurrences, Quinn doubted that any of the leaders would be willing to help them if they survived.
Quinn was unsure what to say to Cia as he looked at her. Perhaps the system's method wasn't the only way, and her memories could return at some point. He would also gain a powerful ally in this manner.
"I'll think about it. It isn't a no, but it isn't a  yes. I promise I'll let you know by the end of the day." Quinn said as he knew he needed to make a decision quite fast.
"Thank you!" Cia politely replied as she went away with Layla.
The castle has more than enough rooms for everyone to get a decent night's sleep. But first, they had to get used to the pleasant restful cozy soft mattresses. They were all preoccupied with their activities. Quinn and Peter were busy working in the reception area.
With Edward gone, they feared that vampires may be watching them from the outside, and the castle seemed to be the safest spot for the time being. Peter, Quinn, and Edward were the only ones who knew the combination to the circle lock.
As for the two girls, Layla tried to fill her in with more detail about what had happened in her past, including things about Pure.
Timmy, was worried about Edward, wondering why he hadn't come back yet.  "What will I do?" Timmy thought. He didn't know the others well, and although he had agreed to follow the tenth, what they were planning to do, it was too much of a big step for him.
Quinn had told Timmy, that he didn't expect him to do anything. Quinn reassured Timmy, that his guidance was helpful enough since he knew this place like the back of his hands. 
He looked at the book in his hands that was given by Edward. For once he had the chance to gain power, to be stronger than some of the other vampires. What was the point if he had this power, who was he getting stronger for? For the other vampire leaders?
Still, undecided about what he would do, Timmy knew he wouldn't waste this opportunity and opened the book. He wouldn't waste the gift. He decided to learn the ability given by Edward.
Logan and the two boys, on the other hand, were the busiest. He had obtained a blood sample from Borden and was attempting to match the details with the green liquid he had made. It wouldn't take long for him to find out the results, and he'd have his response in no time.
"It was me…I somehow gave the information that was needed to create the Dalki." Logan thought.
It wasn't a short match, but a complete match. Logan was certain that the information he had entered into the machine had been transmitted someplace and had resulted in the creation of the Dalki.
The question was, why? Why was the machine placed in the tenth fortress in this manner? Quinn's method included an AI formed by the tenth commander. From the sound of it, the tenth commander had a lab that exchanged information with the initial lab they originally arrived at, which belonged to Richard Eno.
Were the tenth leader and Richard Eno related, and were they doing tests on vampires, Dalkis, and humans? Or was the Dalki entirely man-made; perhaps a vampire invention would be a more accurate term.
It was clear though, that somehow the tenth leader was involved in Richard Eno, they could even possibly be the same person. So many theories were running through Logan's head, and he didn't have all the answers.
He wanted to talk to Quinn about it but now was not the right time. He had too much on his plate with the rescue mission. But as long as the rescue mission was a success and they were able to get out of here alive. Then Logan and Quinn needed to have a  serious talk.
Not wanting to scare the other two, Logan moved on to look at the pills and Blood crystals. While doing this, Vorden was busy talking to Borden. The two of them seemed to be getting on quite well, and Vorden was telling him everything that had happened at school.
How he had met Quinn and what they were doing here so far, how they were here to rescue a friend.
"Wow,  it sounds like you have been through a lot," Borden said. "Well, a  friend of my brother is a friend of mine. If you need any help, I'll take them out with this fist of mine." Flexing his muscle, which incredibly bulged in a matter of seconds. It had become so lean it looked like there wasn't an ounce of fat on him.
"But I have to  ask?" Borden said. "This whole time you have talked about, Quinn, your friends, and the others, but what about you. I want to know more about you. Don't you have a family or a past?"
Hearing this question, he realized that it had been a long time since anybody had asked him about his family. It was a subject he would do anything to avoid.
"That situation... is probably even more complicated than the one we are in now. Maybe one day, it will be resolved as well. I hope I can forget about all that and just continue hanging out with everybody like we are doing now.
"I know it sounds stupid, what we're doing is incredibly dangerous, but… I like being with everyone." Vorden said with a smile on his face.
"When you are ready, you can tell me brother, and I will help you with that too," Borden replied.
After looking at the pills and getting as much information as he could, it was getting late, and Logan's eyelids were feeling heavy. They felt like it was time to call it a night. He could find out information about the blood crystal tomorrow.
Before going to sleep, Quinn decided to stop by and have a talk with the girls, and he was ready to give his answer.
'"I'm sorry, but right now, I can't turn you into a vampire." Quinn said.  "First, I promise that I will look for a way to return your memories and  I think what you proposed is a fair deal. But it's too risky right now to turn you. We don't have time to figure out or deal with another problem if one does happen.
"On top of that, your ability is incredibly handy, especially for Vorden. I think as you are right now, it's best to stay the way you are. As I said, I think we have a deal, but let's do it after tomorrow."
Cia couldn't complain about the response, as it was exactly what she asked for. Maybe it would take a little while longer, but she knew they would have to deal with the current situation anyway.
After a good night's rest, everyone continued to do the same as they had done yesterday. Everyone was kind of doing their own thing, but when all was said and done, once again they were to all meet in the dining room.
"As Edward hasn't returned, it looks like we will have to do this without him," Quinn said. "It's finally time, the execution is tomorrow."