Quinn, Peter, and Vorden were escorted by the second-year students to a separate part of the school. The school was split into different sections and the second-year building was separate from the first-years. As such second-year students didn't really interact with the first-year students.
"Should we just run?" Peter asked Quinn in a hushed tone.
"It might just make the situation worse. If they were going to do something to us they would have waited until we were on our own," Quinn whispered back, "They must have intentionally done this in public to make a statement to all the others."
After walking for a while longer, they eventually arrived at their destination. It was underneath one of the second-year buildings. There were a few second-year students who were walking past, but otherwise, the place was relatively quiet.
"We brought them here, Momo," one of the second-year students informed a tall man with brown hair wrapped in a ponytail who had been sitting on the staircase.
"You guys can leave," Momo waved them off as he stood up from the staircase. The second-year students did as they were told and quickly left them to be on their own.
"Some rumours have reached my ears of a high level student hanging around with a bunch of low levels."
"So what? Is it against the rules?" Vorden stood his ground with confidence. However, Quinn couldn't help but notice Momo's wristwatch, which displayed the number 6.
Momo started to laugh.
"True, the school might not have a written rule preventing you from associating with their kind… but there are some unwritten rules." Momo then walked over to Quinn. "You see the moment you start treating this trash like they are useful to society, they might start to get a big head."
Now that Momo was close enough to Quinn, he tried to use his Inspect skill on the older student, but for some reason the status screen was blurry. It looked like the status screen itself was melting, making all the information unreadable.
'Is it because I'm out in the sun?' Quinn wondered.
"Look at this scum. I'm only a few feet away from him and there isn't even an ounce of fear in his eyes," Momo snorted at Quinn before him. "I can't wait for the next war, so we can get rid of these wastes, so only the strong survive."
Quinn's blood started to boil, he despised the war as it had taken everything away from him, including his parents. He no longer cared if he was going to take a beating or not, all he wanted to do was punch Momo in the face right there and then.
Unable to hold his anger in any longer he threw out a punch. Alas, Momo appeared to have been able to predict his action. Before Quinn had even begun his attack, the older student had taken a step back, making Quinn's fist hit nothing but air.
Vorden took this chance to try and grab onto Momo. However, once again Momo had reacted in advance, resulting in Vorden grabbing nothing.
"You think I'm going to let someone touch me whose ability I don't even know?" Momo sneered at them in derision. "I didn't come here to fight you guys. Consider today to be a 'friendly' warning. There are people in this school that not even the military can touch and if you continue acting this way, they will get involved."
With that, Momo headed back up the stairs and into the second-year building.
"Do you think he's serious?" Peter asked. "I know at school they didn't like this type of stuff, but it seems even worse now that we're in a military school. Why don't the teachers do something to stop it?!"
"Because it works in their favour," Quinn sighed. "With the strong bullying the weak, the latter will try to find a way to become strong themselves. However, if you're weak to begin with and can't rely on your family to help you, where can you go to get this power?"
"The military," Vorden answered in Peter's stead.
"Exactly," Quinn nodded his head. "The teachers and the school don't do anything against it, because it benefits them. After experiencing hell for two years, your mind will likely have been broken down. In that state you might do anything to seek power and protection… and the military can offer that for you."
Quinn then looked at Vorden and sighed. "I'm sorry, Vorden, but I think it might be for the best if we comply with their wishes and go our separate ways for now."
"Why should I listen to them?!" Vorden snapped back.
The outburst surprised Quinn. After all, Vorden stood to gain the most from that. He was strong, so nobody would bother.
"Look, Vorden, I assume you think you are helping me and Peter, but maybe you don't understand because you've never been powerless like us. When we break their rules, they probably won't do anything to you… it will be me and Peter they will go for."
Quinn hated saying that to Vorden, especially since he was the first high level person who didn't look at them like scum, judging them solely by their power level numbers. Earlier, when Quinn and Peter had walked around with him, the higher levels had done nothing to them because of Vorden.
Unfortunately, his behaviour had attracted bigger fish, something that Vorden and Quinn couldn't handle. At least, not yet anyway.
"Fine, have it your way!" Vorden shouted, as he angrily stormed off back to the dorm building.
"Maybe we should have explained it to him better," Peter noted in a low voice.
"It's fine. It might be better this way," Quinn sighed in defeat.
****
Vorden was angry, but not at Quinn's words. No, he was pissed off at the whole situation at the school. It seemed that even here people were dictating how he should live his life, who he could, and who he couldn't hang out with.
Still, Vorden didn't want Quinn and Peter to get hurt, so he regretfully accepted this as the right choice. Nevertheless, Vorden wasn't going to just let these people get away with trying to control his life.
No, he was going to go after them all!