Around ten minutes had passed since Vorden had last heard Quinn say anything. But he preferred this over the screaming Quinn. Before he felt like at any second, a rampage might start-up from him, but right now, he was relaxed and no longer had his handheld up holding the door.
He leant up against the door with his back propped up against it.
"Hey, what are we still doing here?" Raten asked. "Any second now that guy could be eating us, I don't understand."
"But he isn't, is he?" Vorden replied, "Do you think he couldn't have eaten us just now, to be honest, I don't even think me holding up the door with my ability would have been enough to stop him." He then lifted his hand across his chest; the wound had dried up and was starting to scab over.
Then Movement from the other side of the door was heard, as Quinn started to lift himself up from the ground.
"Vorden, are you still there?" Quinn asked.
"Yeah, I'm here. You alright now?"
"Yeah, I'm okay, you probably want to know what just happened don't you?"
"Well, I would be lying if I said no."
Quinn then took a deep breath as he prepared to tell Vorden the whole tail. It was hard for him. Unlike Layla, who had been so accepting of it, not everyone was like her, and he was afraid of Vorden's reaction.
He slowly started at the beginning about how he had obtained a book, and after using it felt different all of a sudden. Quinn then went on to explain the events at school and even things that happened with Layla. All up to the point where he had arrived in the portal world, eventually turning into the Bloodsucker.
There were some details he decided to leave out, though. There was no reason for him to reveal that his ability was like a system, but only that he grew more powerful with blood, he also left out everything to do with the system including the mysterious blonde headed man.
This mystery was his own problem to deal with, and he only needed to tell Vorden what he needed to.
There was silence between the two for a few moments as Quinn finished his story. Vorden was, of course, shocked by the whole thing. Vampires, he didn't even know there were such things, and if Quinn had told him this before, he would have thought he had gone mad.
But Vorden had seen it, he had seen what Quinn had turned into, and Ian's dead body in the room was proof of that.
"You know, I knew you were different from the moment I met you," said Vorden.
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"Do you know how abilities work? Every person has a number of mutant cells inside their body that they can activate. The more cells a person can activate the stronger their ability level, my ability allows me to replicate these cells from one person into my own body. That's why if someone is only a level one earth user, I can only copy the same number of mutant cells from them. But when I shook your hand, I felt the different cells in your body Quinn, just for whatever reason I couldn't replicate them. It tried and tired, forming and breaking down, but every time they would end up in failure. it was the first time something like that had ever happened."
"Are you scared of me, Vorden?"
"Scared, Quinn, everyone has their own secrets that they don't want others to know, some more so than others. It's understandable why you hid it, the Government, military and the big families would all be trying to get their hands on you trying to use your power for themselves."
Vorden then turned around and moved the metal door out and into the corridor. The metal door was placed to the side, and when he lifted his face, his mouth remained wide open. To his surprise, Quinn looked almost like a completely different person. He had a whole new energy surrounding him.
Quinn had grown a few inches in height, his skin looked super smooth and had gone slightly pale. While his face looked a little more masculine.
"Now this might be a tough one to explain?" Vorden said.
****
Before leaving the room, Vorden went to check on Ian's body. He continued to search and search but could find no sign of the advanced tier crystal.
"Was he lying about it?"
But what he did see was two bite marks on the neck of Ian. Right now, Quinn looked completely normal but looking at the bite marks on Ian's neck. It reassured him that everything Quinn said was the truth.
The two of them went looking around until they had come across a toilet. Inside was a mirror for Quinn to look at himself. The changes weren't so drastic that you couldn't tell it was Quinn, but it looked like he had just gone on a 12-week model training course.
They continued to walk around and ended back in the arena where the two of them fought. The two looked at the mess they had caused, Quinn thinking about when he was a Bloodsucker and Vorden thinking about the little one.
There were scraps of metal all over the place, multiple broken chairs and across the floor Blood. For now, Quinn was full from his last meal, and he also had to fill up his Blood bank.
Based on Ian's information, the portal was most likely to be in this building, a secret switch of some sort hidden somewhere but the two of them had no clue where that would be. After searching around for a while and no success, the two of them sat down on the arena floor.
Quinn asked why Vorden was even here in the first place, and gave the simple reply of "I came after you.". Although they didn't stay on the subject for long as it seemed Vorden kept steering away from the conversation.
Quinn assumed it was something to do with Peter, and right now that was the last person the two of them wanted to speak about.
That's when Vorden's stomach started to growl; it had been a while since he had eaten the last food pill.
"Are you hungry?" Quinn asked.
"Aren't you?" For a second, there was another awkward silence between the two.
"If you want I can give you some of my blood?" Vorden said.
"You know, I do eat normal food as well!"
The two of them started to laugh and joke about a few things as time passed by.
"It's a shame you can't use your abilities in school. If it was a normal ability, my family could offer you protection. The military wouldn't try hurting you."
Although Quinn could try to pass off the vampire abilities as something normal, there was the problem that there was no skill like it. They would immediately assume he was an original. And there was now something that worried him even more.
On the video the system had shown, the blonde man stated others would now be looking for him. Were others referring to other vampires? If so, he needed to keep this a secret even more so than before. From the sound of the video, they didn't sound like they would be welcoming to him.
Then something clicked in his head. There was something he could learn that wasn't part of his vampire skills. The level 6 ability book, the shadow book.
*****