With no one to talk to or no one to help him out of the situation he was in, Peter would often go out for walks on his own around the campus. His mind was filled with regret and Layla's words. In a way, he felt like he should have been punished for what he had done, yet Layla had just left him there.
He felt even less significant than before, he wasn't even worth being hit.
After walking around school a couple of times, he decided to head back to his dorm room as usual.
But as he entered, he had nearly experienced the shock of his life. The two people who he had thought had gone missing, possibly dead on another planet were in the room.
"Guys.." Peter started to say with his eyes watering up.
"GET OUT!" Vorden shouted as he pointed at the door.
"What?"
"I said, '' Get out!" Vorden shouted again, "If you don't get out Peter, I don't know what I will do to you."
"But this is my room as well." He cried.
"I don't care, ask them to change rooms but you are not staying here."
Peter then looked to Quinn for help hoping he would say something. But Quinn just turned his head away as his body was shaking.
He didn't like what was happening, but it needed to be done. What Peter had done was unforgivable. He and Vorden could have died, and if he really was still a level one, he would have been killed by the first Rattaclaw he had seen.
Peter stood there, still in shock. He didn't know what to do. As soon as he saw the two of them, he was hoping everything would go back to how it was. Before everything had happened. He wanted to tell them how sorry he was, but they wouldn't even let him speak.
Vorden then went to his desk and grabbed a book, chucking it towards Peter hitting the wall and falling onto the ground.
"The next one is going for your face if you don't leave." Said Vorden.
"Peter, please just go," Quinn said.
When Quinn spoke those words, it finally hit him. There was no redemption for him. No matter what he said or did, or even why. They had made up their minds; he was no longer their friend.
He opened the door and closed it behind him as he left. Looking around, there was nowhere left to go. It was already night time, it was nearly curfew so he couldn't go outside and all the other parts of the building would be closed now.
With nowhere to go and no one to rely on, he stayed in the dorm room hallway, curled up into a ball on the ground and cried himself to sleep.
The next day when the two woke up in their beds, they could hear a commotion going on outside. As they opened the door, they could see a group had gathered just outside their room, and they were all circling around something.
"What happened to him?"
"Look, the floors are wet underneath."
"Did he cry himself to sleep outside, I thought I could hear something last night."
A boy from the group then knelt down and grabbed Peter by the hair, lifting his head off the ground and waking him up.
"Hey, so it was you that was waking me up in the middle of the night." The boy said. Before deciding to do anything, the boy looked at Peter's watch and noticed he was a level one. The boy himself was only a level 2. So he took this chance to show everyone he wasn't at the bottom of the food chain.
"If you're going to stay out here like a dog, then you need to learn to shut up." He said as he lifted his hand and slapped Peter across the face.
Peter was already defeated at this point, he didn't care what happened to him. What were a few slaps, this pain was nothing. What was the point of fighting back he would only get hurt more? The only people who had bothered to help him in the past, he had tried to kill them.
This is what Peter wanted, he wanted to be punished for his actions.
As the boy lifted his hand to slap Peter again, he felt something grab his wrist. Then before the boy could even turn his head, he saw a fist right in front of his eyes.
The punch was so powerful the sound of his Jaw cracking could be heard, and the boy immediately was knocked out and collapsed to the ground.
As Peter looked up through his watery vision, he could see Quinn standing there with a look of anger on his face.
"I didn't do that for you." He said, "If anyone was treating someone like a piece of Sh*t like that, I would have done the same."
Without even looking at Peter, Quinn walked off with Vorden and headed to the canteen.
"Hey, who was that?"
"I'm not sure, but he was kinda hot."
"I don't remember seeing him in school, do you?"
"No, me either."
After breakfast, the group was to go to their homeroom class for the usual morning lesson before heading to combat classes. Everyone sat in their usual seats. Which meant that Vorden and Quinn were sat next to each other with Peter on the side.
"They really did come back."
"I heard they got pushed into a portal by some second year."
"It's amazing they managed to survive."
All of the students were talking about the two who had gone missing for a few days. It wasn't the talk around the school but was talked about frequently in Del's class since the students belonged to their class.
Del had finally entered the room with a smile on his face, as he prepared to give an announcement to the whole class.
"Good morning, everyone. Now that everything's back to normal again, I am proud to announce that your first portal outing date has been confirmed and will now be moved to next week. So please prepare yourselves as best you can. Oh, and remember to practise with your teammates. The same teams that were registered before will be used for this outing."
This meant that Peter would be on the same team as the others.
****