Before doing anything drastic, the group wanted to test out Vorden's new fire abilities. They did the same as before with Layla drawing out one of the lizards and then Erin freezing the lizard's movements.
When they were ready, Vorden shot out a stream of fire from the palm of his hands. The beast screamed and howled in pain. After a few seconds the beast caught on fire and Vorden no longer had to supply it with energy.
At this moment, Berg had just turned the corner and witnessed the whole thing. His mind was going crazy with thoughts. Did someone outside of the family know how to use the fire abilities? If that was the case, they needed to get rid of him, before anyone else knew or found out.
While Erin was busy carving out the beast to find its crystal, a fireball was spotted coming towards them.
"Look out!" Layla shouted.
At the last second, Vorden turned his head and fired a fireball of his own equal in size. As the two fireballs clashed a small explosion was created, and sparks of flame flew out onto the sound.
"You must be dealt with, no one is allowed to learn the secrets of the flame!" Berg shouted.  Shooting out fire from the palm of his hands, he was able to propel himself forward while running, making him move at an incredible speed.
Vorden readied his self planning to fight back with anything Berg would use. If Berg shot out a fire ball, Vorden would retaliate with the same. If Berg shot out a stream of fire or made a pillar of fire, then Vorden would do the same only better.
This was how Vorden had won all his fights before. His experience when it came to fighting, was able to outmatch those that knew their own abilities inside and out.
But then at the last second, Berg propelled himself into the air. Stream of fire was seen coming from the bottom of his hands and feet. It looked almost like he was flying in the air.
'Spinning flame kick.' Using one of his legs, the fire would shoot out from the back of his heel, causing him to spin. Then with the other leg would let out multiple blades of fire.
"Damn it, I can't do that!" Vorden shouted. As the blades of fire were coming towards them, Vorden lifted both hands, creating a small wall of fire.
If Vorden thought he was safe, though, he was wrong. As the blades of fire touched the wall, it ripped right through and continued to go past.
By now, Layla and Erin had long moved to the side and become spectators of the whole thing, and the same could be said for Berg's teammates as well. It was clear that all of is attacks were aimed at a single person, and he didn't care for the rest of the team.
"What is going on?" Erin asked.
"I don't know, but I do know Vorden knows how to annoy a load of people, perhaps this is just one of them," Layla said.
All though Vorden's flame wall was useless, he was able to see the point of when the flames would touch the wall. For they would slightly part away apiece of his wall just before the blades of fire touched. This gave him enough time to dodge every single one of the blades coming at him.
"This guy is pretty good," Lippy said watching the whole thing from the side.
The second Berg landed on the ground he dashed forward using the flames once again to propel him. Vorden fired fire ball after fire ball, but then Berg just covered his hands in flames and would knock them away.
"Looks like your fire is no stronger than mine you thief." He shouted.
Then with his hands covered in flames, he went for a punch towards Vorden's face. Vorden could see the punch coming towards him. When it came to hand to hand combat, he was skilled and had years of experience as well.
He could see it coming and was planning to duck, but suddenly, the fist sped up in an instant and knocked Vorden into the ground with his head bouncing off the sand.
Vorden laid on the ground, unmoving with his eyes closed.
Although Vorden was unable to see what had just happened, the rest did. When Berg threw the punch, he had done nothing special, but it was what had happened at the last moment.
Berg had the ability to produce fire from any part of his body. The clothes he was wearing were specially designed by his family so they wouldn't burn away. As the last second, before the fist was to hit Vorden, he had produced a strong flame from his elbow pushing his fist forward and giving it an extra boost.
Vorden was used to elemental abilities but had never come across the fire one before. It was an original ability, unlike Ice, wind, earth and water. However, none of these acted like the flames which came from the body itself.
With the destructive nature of fire as well, it was why it was considered one of the strongest elements.
"What should we do?" Layla asked, "Should we go over and help him?"
"I don't think they'll kill him," Erin replied. "There, too many people here he would have to silence."
"Well, he is from the big four, right? Would the school really do anything?"
The two of them at that moment looked at each other.
To be honest, Erin hated this feeling, but she knew when someone was stronger than her. Berg hadn't even taken a single hit from Vorden, and she feared if it was her, it would have been the same result.
Standing right over Vorden's was Berg. He continually looked at Vorden's still body.
"Why isn't boss doing anything?" Lippy said as he watched.
He couldn't explain it himself, but for some reason, he felt like if he touched Vorden at this moment, he would be the one lying on the ground.
Then a few seconds later. Vordens eyes opened.
Inside the dark black room, Vorden had finally woken up.
"Whoa man, you sucked!" Raten said. "That guy really showed you."
"Wait a second," Vorden replied. "If you're here, then who's in the chair?"
****
Mass release 4 chapters will be released for the next 2 days to make the 6 extra chapters.
Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote.
Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release
Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release
Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release
And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis.