Quinn and Peter had been walking for a good fifteen minutes as they headed to what looked like a little abandoned well. Something that was once used to draw water out. It was used at a time when the shelter was first being built by the workers.
Although building works and such didn't take as long as they used to, especially since the introduction of earth ability users. Some powerful users would charge quite a bit for there service as they were able to construct building after building.
While the two of them were walking, not one of them had said a word to each other, and Quinn was the type that hated an awkward silence between two people.
In the end, he gave in and just had to say something.
"Why did you do it?" Quinn said.
Peter didn't have to ask what he was talking about. It was as clear as day. They continued walking for a while longer until eventually, Peter replied.
"I don't want to make any excuses, I know what I did was terrible. Everything, I don't even deserve to speak to you, but you don't understand Quinn, I was scared. They had already gone for Vorden and managed to catch him…Then they went after me and….
"Enough!" Quinn snapped back. "I don't want to hear anymore, you were right the first time when you said you weren't going to make any excuses. But then you went on to list a bunch of excuses. I'm not saying you didn't have a reason for why you did it. When someone does something wrong everyone has a reason, be it good or bad but after everything, we had done for you, why didn't you come to us?"
"Could you really help me, Quinn, would you be saying the same thing if you knew who was behind everything?" Peter asked.
"Did you give us a chance?" Quinn replied. "Do you know the saying you miss all the shots you don't take? We were right there next to you the whole time and it wasn't like stuff like this didn't happen before. You saw what happened to Vorden did he change? And you should know more then anyone that I got the same treatment as you from my old school."
The two of them had finally arrived at the village and Quinn turned around to look at Peter. He could see his teary face, tears on top of tears running down and he was using his sleeves to wipe everything away.
"When you chose to go against us that day Peter, you where the one who had given up. You didn't try taking a shot and made your chances go down to zero."
The two of them looked around the abandoned well. In the centre was a giant machine used to draw water. It had rusted, and just from looking at it you could tell it hadn't been used in a while.
The only other thing in the place were two abandoned buildings. One room was completely bare apart from a single window. While the other building had a couple of broken wooden bed frames.
After taking off the rucksack and putting it on the old bed, Peter finally laid down and was getting some rest. He had managed to carry the large backpack all the way through the desert. And unlike Quinn, he didn't have supernatural strength to help him.
The heat didn't actually affect Quinn much, no more than it did when he was a human. It seemed like the sun must have contained some other unique property that affected vampires. As long as he stood under his umbrella, he felt absolutely fine.
But thinking about this, it reminded him he desperately needed those beasts' cores. If he wanted to craft a special material, he couldn't rely on Vorden and Layla to gather enough. Then finally, he would be free from the restraints of the sun.
"I   m going to go exploring around for a little bit, are you alright to stay here. Don't worry, I won't be going too far."
"Are you sure you're going to be safe?" Peter said.
"Yeah, as long as you aren't behind my back I'll have nothing to worry about," Quinn said jokingly. "Sorry, that was a low blow."
Quinn pictured the map in his head. He remembered the red zone was quite a large circular area. They had just come from the left direction, which was where Vorden and the others went. So as long as Quinn went right and forward, he should be in a different area of the red zone.
"With that, he decided to head off into the desert with his umbrella in his hand.
Watching all of this happen was Ben and his group.
"It looks like the two of them have split up."
"You three go for the kid with the umbrella. Take off everything, even his money card and get him to transfer everything over. Me and Hugo will go get rid off the other one."
They did as told, and three of their men went off to follow Quinn into the desert. While Ben and his friend Hugo had decided to enter the same building that Peter was in.
Just as Peter was about to shut his eyes, he heard footsteps enter the room.
"Oh, what a surprise we have here," Ben said. "I didn't expect anyone to be so far out here in the middle of nowhere. And when I looked earlier, it seemed like not a single person was around."
In the desert, before Quinn had even reached the Red zone, he could hear the sounds of people getting closer to him. His vision wasn't as great in the sunlight, it was about the only thing that was still affected while in the sun. But his hearing was always top-notch.
"Who sent you?" Quinn said without turning around.
"That's none of your business now is it?" One of the students said. "Now you better listen to what we say or else."
"Or else what?" Quinn said as he turned.  "I'm sorry some people think I'm a bit slow."
The students then lifted up there watches to each reveal their levels. One was a level 4 student, and the other two level 3s.
"I hope you understand?" the level four user said.
"Oh I see, because you're a higher level than me I should be scared now, right? I should obey everything you do because I don't want to be hurt."
[Skill active Shadow Void]
Suddenly, from underneath Quinn's feet, his shadow started to spread. It grew and grew until it encompassed a large area in complete darkness. The shadows that formed the walls were continually moving. From the outside, it looked like a giant cloud storm.
Quinn then tapped his watch three times and lifted it up for them to see, the number had changed. He was now a level 6.