Standing alone in the fantasy section of the library was Erin and a strange boy known as Fex. Erin was still holding a Vampire love story in her hand, and her face had gone bright red as she couldn't believe someone had just caught her reading such a dirty book.
'How could they describe such intimate scenes in such a strange way? Although, the boy in front of me seemed to have some idea of what the book was. Could it be that the boy was interested in the same type of things?' She thought.
Quickly hoping to avoid further embarrassment, Erin put the book back where it was placed and started to walk over towards the boy.
As Fex saw her walking towards him, he started to lick his lips. 'What a tasty looking person,' Fex thought. 'Looks like most of the human minds in this school are pretty weak.'
Erin continued to walk forward with her head down, and when she was finally close enough, she halted her steps.
Fex started to smile.
"Now, why don't you lift your head, so I can take another look at your pretty face?"
Erin lifted her head, but dashed forward in an instant, a type of ice sword was forming in her right hand. Using her forearm, she pushed Fex up against the wall right by his neck. The area started to freeze and now an ice sword was pointed right at his throat.
"If you tell anyone about what you saw today, you're dead, you hear me?"
"What's with this girl, how can you just attack someone like that?" Fex cried.
Erin proceeded to slowly freeze both of his hands to the wall as well as made sure that he couldn't retaliate.
Gradually, the ice from Erin's forearm was starting to spread and was freezing Fex's neck as well.
"Look, I don't want to cause any trouble." He said.
Erin looked at him carefully, noticing all the features that he had. "Good, I will remember you, and if anyone finds out about what you saw today, I'll be coming back for you," Erin said as she took away the ice sword. She then started her exit, leaving Fex in this sticky situation, frozen to the wall with the ice still confining his body.
"Wait!" He shouted, "Aren't you going to let me go?"
Erin continued to walk off towards the centre of the library. Without turning back, she said, "It's just a little reminder of what can happen if you don't listen."
Eventually, Erin had left the library. The other people who were nearby going to look at the commotion down the aisle, wondering what was going on. However, all they could see was a single man stuck up against the wall.
A few laughed and giggled as it wasn't the first time they had seen something like this. After all, few of the braver boys among the first-year students had tried to confess their "love" to Erin.
But she hated it when people would waste her time. They would always ask to meet in a quiet or a secret place, and Erin would always think that it was of a matter of importance to her, yet it was the same every time. They would confess their "love" for Erin and ask her out on a date, the usual reply she would give was to stick those ‘love’ interests to the wall and move on before she could make them. 
She would often leave them there frozen in place while waiting for the ice to melt. She did this as a warning for other suitors in the future. Slowly, people started to get the message and stopped approaching her, so it had been a while since the other students had seen such a thing.
After having a giggle, most of the students continued with what they were doing, going back to reading books or chatting away in the library.
While no one was looking, Fex used his strength to break free both of his arms from the ice. He then used his hands to crack the ice that was around his neck as well.
"Looks like someone was able to resist my charm already?" Fex said. "Well, now that just makes me want to go after her more. I will remember you ice girl. Perhaps this place won't be so bad after all.
*****
Fex's original plan was to travel and explore the human world. To experience all the things his grandfather had told him, but his plans were quickly stopped once he was caught. When he woke up, he was in front of General Nathan.
They had explained to him what had happened and why he was brought there - How he had become a suspect of draft evasion. However, Nathan did say that as long as he contacted his guardians, informed them, and showed proof of his age, they would set him free.
But this was not an option for Fex. He was a lot more scared of his father and the others than he was of the humans. If he was to be found right now, he couldn't imagine the horrible things that his father would do to him. Besides, this was his only chance to experience what life was like, as a human.
When Fex thought all things were going well, Nathan had asked a question that was difficult for him to answer.
"Well, since you claim to no longer have any parents or such, there is just one thing I need you to do. Fill out this form for me, and we will get you starting your lessons as soon as possible." Nathan said.
A digital display then appeared in front of Fex's face with a little digital keyboard. It asked for basic details such as name and date of birth. For both of these things, Fex didn't use his real information, but then, there was one more question that was asked that caused him to pause.
It asked him what type of ability he had. For this question, he had a plan.
After checking over the details and seeing Fex's ability, no more work needed to be done. A wristwatch was given to Fex before leaving. The display on the device was showing the number 1.
After seeing this, Nathan no longer had any interest in him. He would leave the scouting job to Duke, to entice him with higher-level ability books. The whole method Duke used didn't sit well with Nathan, but he knew the base had a quota to hit.
Not knowing what to do, and knowing nearly no one at the base, Fex decided to head to the library to update himself on current events. Although, after entering the library, he soon got distracted, he was wondering what the people of Earth had thought about vampires. He wondered if they even had any new information on them.
This led him to his first real encounter with another student, Erin, the rest of the story was what got him frozen to a wall.
After looking at a few books about Vampires, he quickly realized that most of them were just a bunch of nonsense. They hadn't learnt much about how vampires operated, which meant Fex had to be even more careful not to reveal their secrets.
As Fex was leaving the library, he had no idea what to do, so he decided that he would just go to his dorm room. While walking down the hallway towards the staircase, a student ran past him. As this student passed him, he caught a whiff of scent with his nose and a familiar smell registered in his mind.
It took him a while to figure out what this smell was, but when he recognized it, he realized it was very familiar to him, it was the smell of another vampire. However, he had realized this too late, when he turned his head, the student who had run past was already gone.
"Now this is interesting, I wonder what family he belongs to. What on earth is he doing at this base?" Fex thought