The group outside had received the message from Logan to proceed. The first ones to make a move would be Fex and Layla. They had been on standby waiting for the signal.
Right behind the two of them, were two random first-year students who had been brought along. These students were the same ones from Fex's room, his roommates.
If it was anyone else being put in this situation, Fex probably would have felt guilty about what he was trying to make them do. But they were the ones who had attacked him first for no reason. So he couldn't think of any two more students to use.
A slight tint of red could be seen in their eyes. When Fex commanded them, they started to glow slightly. 
A few seconds later, they were on the move. The two students turned around the corner and started to bump into each other. While this was happening, Fex would peak around the corner while twiddling his fingers.
Eventually, the bumps turned into shoves as they continued their stride.
"Hey, what are you two doing? Get out of here!" The larger guard said.
But his words were useless as the two were starting to shove each other more harshly than before. Although it seemed a bit strange since there was no speech involved while performing these actions.
This was the limit to Fex's mind control. Since more complex instructions will result in breaking the spell.
The shoving had turned into a full-blown fistfight. While doing so, they would inch their way closer to the two guards.
"If you guys don't scram out of here, my foot is going to be shoved right into your arse!" The guard shouted this time.
They continued to ignore the guard's words, but it was more like they couldn't hear. Their mind was consumed with the last command by Fex.
Arms and legs were swinging out as the two continued to fight. Right now Fex was dwindling his fingers away faster than before, concentrating while the sweat ran down his forehead.
Controlling one person's set of movements with the strings was easy, but coordinating two and making it look realistic was tough.
He had attached strings to both of the students and given them the command to remain motionless, so everything they were doing right now was controlled by him.
While everything was happening, Layla was to keep guard, making sure no one came down the hallway and saw them.
Now the two were fighting incredibly close, and Fex had to pull one of his strings ever so slightly, causing an elbow to hit the large guard in the middle of his stomach.
"Huh, did it not hit, but I'm sure it did?" Fex was slightly confused. "He tugged on the string again, a  little bit harder this time, elbowing the guard in the stomach again. Still, there was no reaction.
Although the elbow had hit the large man there seemed to be no reaction whatsoever. This was because of the heavy armour the man was wearing.
However, even though the attack didn't hurt, the rage on his face was visible. "You two!"
"It's time for them to get out of there." Pulling the strings back Fex started to dash down the hallway, the students began to imitate Fex's movements and ran off as well, following his direction.
The large guard followed them but was quite slow with his heavy gear. It seemed like one of the attributes it gave was not speed. Some users would choose to focus on a set of beast armour that specialised in one area. They would do this to make up what they were lacking for, or to strengthen their abilities.
Layla saw the students dashing towards the hallway right around the corner following Fex who ran down the same hallway seconds ago. Which meant soon the bulky guard would soon follow them, around the same corner. 
Next to her was a door leading to a classroom.
It was a Sunday, and nearly all the classrooms were empty as the staff, and most of the students had a day off.
"Oh, no." With nothing else to do, she went for the closest room, opening the door and stepping inside. She took a deep breath and held it in.
The sound of the large guard's footsteps could be heard, as he ran around the corner to chase the two students.
Once the footsteps could no longer be heard, she stepped out of the room again.
As she turned to look around the corner, she noticed there was still another problem. The second guard was still standing outside. As long as he was there, Vorden and Quinn wouldn't be able to get inside.
She looked around to see if there was anything she could do, the only thing she could see was a plant pot down the hallway. Lifting it with her telekinesis ability, she started to levitate it in the air and floated it across the hall towards the green guard.
The guard spotted it floating about slowly coming towards him, but he remained there still. When the pot was finally in front of his face, he lashed out, smashing it and allowing it to drop to the floor. Yet he still hadn't moved from his position.
"Looks like I'm just going to have to kick his arse!" Raten said.
"No Vorden, this whole plan, we need you to cause the biggest distraction inside, you know that." Quinn said. "leave this guy to me."
****
Inside the meeting room, Jack was preparing himself. He straightened up the tie on his suit and then licked his lips, making sure they weren't too dry.
"This is the worst part," Jack said. He walked up to the first student and bent down, so the two were at eye level.
His head was now right next to the students. Grabbing the person by the head, he pulled it forward, pressing his lips against theirs. Suddenly, Jack could feel the energy from the student entering his body.
After thirty seconds or so, Jack removed his lips from the student’s mouth. He then spat on the ground and wiped his lips with his sleeve. 
"Damn it, why did my ability have to work in such a way!" Jack said, annoyingly. The only way Jack was able to take the ability of another, was to forcefully drain it from their mouths. He had tried and tested multiple ways, but for some reason, this was the only way that worked.
Some of the stronger abilities seemed to have certain restrictions. Similar to Vorden who had to touch the other user, and how it would only last up to twenty-four hours.
Still, there was nothing he could do about it, so he continued to go down the line, pressing his lips against each student draining their abilities. After each ability had been drained, he could feel them lingering around inside his stomach. Each of the forces was like little flames, all different from another.
Finally, he had reached Erin. "Now, here is someone I don't mind pressing my lips against," Jack said as he looked at Erin's delicate face and realised she was a true beauty. It was a shame she was still young; otherwise, he would have taken her back with him.
The energy flowed through Erin's body and slowly entered Jack's. While doing so, he could feel a slightly cold sensation. When he removed his lips from her, an icy breath was seen.
Her ability had been taken, and it now remained inside of Jack.
Now there was only one student who remained, and that was Peter. As Jack looked at him, he realized that Peter wasn't an attractive sight at all. His face was sunken in, and he looked dehydrated almost like he was already dead.
If he didn't see him moving earlier, he would have thought he was dead. "Alright last one." Jack then moved his face closer to Peter, he closed his eyes as he went to press his lips.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Peter said…
His eyes were wide open, and he was staring at Jack who was standing right in front of his face.
"You're awake, but how? I saw him use the sleeping agent on you!" Jack shouted as he backed away. He panicked and quickly hid behind the desk.
"Kenny! Get in here right now, one of them is awake!" Jack shouted, very much panicked and frightened. A situation like this had never happened before.
Just as Kenny was about to open the door, a shadow raised from underneath blocking his path.
****