When Vorden explained to Leo his abilities, Leo was running his lie detection ability to see if he was speaking the truth or not. It was for this reason that Leo wasn't as cautious.
With experience, Leo knew it wasn't; a good idea to have contact with someone's ability you didn't know. Certain abilities had conditions that needed to be set before using them. This was called a cost.
Cost abilities were usually stronger than regular abilities but there were only a few that the public could obtain. Two examples of cost abilities were Vorden's where he needed to touch a user's bare skin before being able to use their power and Jack's who could only absorb their power through the user's mouth.
Cost abilities were quite rare and were still being discovered today. Sometimes families pass down ancient scripts, which their ancestors knew nothing about but practiced out of tradition. Only to find out later that there was a cost involved in unlocking their ability.
Many people assumed this happened to Truedream too. In a world without abilities, Jack would have never discovered his very own ability.
Vorden looked at Leo's hand once again and this time with slight hesitation.
'Just do it.' Raten complained. 'Do you have to be so careful about everything you do'
With Raten speaking his mind like the little devil on his shoulder, he eventually took the plunge and shook Leo's hand.
Vorden could feel an insurgence of new energy inside his body. The cells in his body were finally changing, it was the strongest force he had ever felt enter his body before. Even when touching the hand of Berg, a member of the big four and a level eight user he had never felt this type of energy before.
Finally, the two of them let go.
"Well?" Leo asked. "Do you see what I see?"
Vorden activated the ability and his whole vision went black. He could no longer see using his regular eyesight. Instead, the walls and floor appeared like wireframes that were constantly moving. As if the ground and the walls around were alive.
When he looked at his hand, he could see the flow of yellow energy appearing off his own body. He turned his head and looked at Quinn who was giving off a different color. A dark purple hue, which burned brightly.
Vorden now understood why Leo was able to tell that Quinn was different, it was the colors of energy. Finally though when he looked at Leo the largest shock came to him. Leo's flame was yellow just like Vorden's.
However, there was a big difference between the two. The flow of energy-burning was much more intense and it seemed to be at least four times bigger than his own.
'But how?' Vorden thought. It didn't make sense to Vorden. Using his ability not only did he copy the ability but also the number of mutant cells in their body. Even if Leo's ability was beyond that of level eight of the military scale, Vorden should have still been able to copy it.
But looking at his aura and looking at Leo's, there was a big difference and he didn't know why.
Then, Vorden started to notice something else. The sword around his waist was also burning a bright red color and the energy coming off from it, was nearly just as strong as Leo himself.
While Vorden was looking at Leo, he pointed towards the weapons on the wall. As he turned his head he noticed that all the weapons hung up were burning with a bright red color too.
"Is this normal for beast weapons?" Vorden asked.
"It seems like you really can see what I can see." A regular beast weapon does not shine. As I said before these are different." Leo explained.
"And what about you?" Vorden asked. "Why are you…"
Just before Vorden could ask his question Leo immediately suppressed the yellow aura around his body and brought it down to the same level as Vorden.
Seeing this action, Vorden knew Leo was telling him not to ask about it, and it was clear he had done it on purpose for some other reason.
Leo then tapped the large metallic circular object.
"This here is a portable teleportation device, it's an old one but it still works. As you know these are a one-time use thing. It will allow you to go to a destination, but not come back." Leo explained. "The location of this device is set to a planet called Lintarnia, it's a green portal planet that I once came from so it should be safe."
"There is one problem though," said Leo. "As you can see it's very big and heavy. There is no way to move this without being suspicious or being seen by anyone else. This is as much as I can help you."
Quinn then walked up to the device and tried lifting the thing, it was indeed heavy, and would most likely take the two of them to carry it back to Logan's room.
"We could bring, Erin over to the portal?" Vorden suggested. Although it would be risky taking her out of Logan's room with all the people around."
As Vorden made his suggestion an idea suddenly popped into Quinn's head.
He touched the shadow just underneath the large metallic object.
[Dimensional space]
The shadow underneath the object grew and when it encased the whole thing, it eventually dropped down, as if the object was sucked into a black hole.
"That solves the problem," Quinn said.
With the dimensional space, as long as the object wasn't of living matter, he was able to take it with him and take it out whenever he liked. So it was perfect for this type of situation.
"I wish you two good luck," Leo said. "It's best if we don't communicate with each other often other than our classes."
As the two boys ran off, Leo looked at the back of the two of them. "The future ahead will be dark for you two, but it seems you will be strong enough to overcome it."
Back at Logan's room, Layla had arrived before the two boys did. It didn't seem like Logan's room was inspected, also Peter hadn't gone on an outrage which was the first piece of good news all day.
Instead, Peter was carefully reading the files on the new students to identify who he was meant to take over. He needed to get his birthdate and background details perfect in case he was asked or if he ever needed to fill out forms for the school.
While waiting, eventually the two boys finally arrive. "Looks like we did it," Quinn said.
The circular portal was set up in Logan's room while Layla sent a message with details about which planet Erin would be in, for an agent of Pure to pick her up. Once Layla received a confirmation back, it was finally time for them to say their goodbyes.
Logan tapped a few buttons on the side of the circular machine and two claw-like objects opened up from the side. A few moments later, a green-colored round fuzz of energy was produced. The portal was activated.
Before stepping into it she looked back at everyone in the room. "I know you losers will still do well without me, become the best and keep my top place warm for me when I return." She said with a smile.
Looking at Erin's smile, their hearts started to melt a little. It was the first time they had ever seen Erin smile and it was beautiful. She was already a beauty but the smile was the icing on top of the cake.
The one that seemed to be upset about the whole thing though was Layla. Tears wouldn't stop falling down her face as she was truly losing a good friend.
"Remember, if there is any problem and you need to contact us. Use the watch!" Logan shouted.
With those last words said, Erin stepped into the portal experiencing a whole new world.
'Please don't let anything bad happen to her.' Layla thought.
*****