"Hey, when have I ever messed up?" Logan complained. "It's pretty obvious that as soon as they find a student who has been missing for a while, and comes back in tattered clothes from a planet that had suffered a Dalki attack, the first thing they would do is take him to the medical facility."
It was something the others hadn't thought about. They had all been too busy and focused on their problems. They didn’t think this through. All they could do right now was believe in Logan's words and trust him to have a good escape plan. 
As they took Peter to the medical facility, Hayley went ahead and ran a general check on Peter's condition. There wasn't much she needed to do as technology had come quite a way and she noticed he didn't have any physical wounds on his body.
This meant there was no need for her to personally use her ability to heal anything externally.
She hooked Peter up to a large tube-like machine, while also placing several little of what appeared to be white stickers all over his body. The machine would show his internals and display his insides, as well as see if there was something wrong with any of his organs, including his heart. It further looked into the details of his blood pressure and all sorts of vitals.
And, everything could be done with the single use of the machine. This was where Logan's ability had come to its advantage. Logan was able to fake a sickness and enter the medical facility, beforehand. During this time, he had touched every machine available there.
While doing so, he had taken control of the machines making them feel alive. He could now give them commands and they would follow them whenever he wanted to.
The others sat there nervously, as Hayley would continue to jot down information on her little tablet now and then. she would look at the screen and then go back to her tablet.
"It looks like you're in perfect condition," Hayley said as Peter lifted himself out of the machine. "Now I just need to ask you a few questions."
Once again, the others got a little worried. But as she asked him questions, Peter had answered everything perfectly. Hearing this, Logan nodded his head proudly, but the others weren't too sure.
The problem was, Peter had answered them all too perfectly. Answering almost immediately and in a robot-like voice.
Hayley continued with her questions while a soldier stood by her side, noting down everything. She had even asked about what had happened to him before this point.
Logan had come up with a backstory that was plausible according to the situation. It detailed how the Dalki had attacked their group, and he had run away, luckily escaping the fiasco. The only problem was that all his equipment had been left behind and he had no clue where he was.
He traveled through the desert for many days, managing to feed himself using the survival skills, the school had taught him, eventually reaching a shelter. The problem was, it was the wrong shelter. The shelter only had teleporters that linked to other planets and none back to earth or the military base, but he found out the shelter he had come from wasn't too far.
He stayed until he regained his strength and purchased a map leading him to the original shelter and eventually returned to the military base.
Once the questioning was over. Hayley left Peter to be with a soldier guarding him as he rested while she went off to report to Nathan.
"So, how is the boy?" Nathan asked.
"Thankfully, he seems to be in perfect condition health-wise but…" Hayley hesitated.
"But what?" Nathan replied.
"It seems like his mind isn't all there. Sometimes, his response was quite rigid and there seemed to be a lack of emotion. Pio didn’t have any of these signs before. Although this could be due to the trauma of being attacked by the Dalki; perhaps, he will come around in the future."
"That's great news!" Nathan said. "As long as the student is fine, it will be okay. We can inform his parents about the good news for now. They don't need to know about the rest until later. There is no use worrying them over nothing if he is to return to normal soon. Have him rejoin classes tomorrow."
"But sir!" Hayley complained, "Don't you think it's too soon to send him out again? He just came back."
"You might be right about that; inform the student and let him decide. If he wishes to go then, let him."
"As you wish, sir," Hayley said before returning.
As Hayley left the room, Nathan went to pick up the files on his desk as he read through them one by one, he felt like pulling his hair out. His thought process often clashed with the military's current way.
But this time he thought it was too much.
"An orange portal outing, what are they thinking?" Nathan said.
It seemed like Peter's disguise had worked and they had bought Logan's plan. Quinn didn't quite know how he did it but, he knew it was something only he could do.
With the tension now gone, it did seem like their group finally had no more problems to deal with. There was still the matter with Duke, but now with Peter gone, there was no direction. They would just have to wait for him to make his next move against Vorden and slip up somewhere.
It was late that night and the others had left the room to go to sleep. Just before they left the room, Fex had spotted something on Logan's workbench. It was a square-shaped portable teleporter.
While the others were busy saying their goodbyes while friendly chatting with each other, Fex decided to move closer to have a look. The workbench wasn't your usual type of workbench.
There were several tools designed there just for Logan's use. There were even several computer screens just above the workbench. Right now, it looked like he had the square teleport device hooked up via some cables leading upward to the computer screen.
On the screen above was a random list of numbers, spanning long rows and rows of different sequences of numbers. The machine was going through different sequences at an alarming rate and each time, the number would blink red and go on to the next sequence.
'He can't be trying to crack the thing, can he? I thought these things were meant to be unbreakable." But Fex wasn't so naive. Perhaps the Vampires thought the devices were pretty secure but after witnessing what Logan was able to do time and time again, he thought maybe there was a chance Logan would be able to crack the code.
'This is bad.' Fex thought. The square portable teleporters were different from the round ones the earthlings used. They were a lot more advanced. The circular teleporters were set to go to one destination only.
While the square ones worked more like a teleport station. An access code needed to be put in and depending on which access code was used, it would teleport you to the correct station. This was how Fex was able to arrive on earth, through a similar type of teleporter.
The problem was that there were two types of square teleporters, with each slightly different in design. On the top where the code was to be entered, it could either be green or red. Green meant it cab be used to travel to any teleport station, this included the ones on other planets, not just earth.
The one inside Logan's room had a red panel on top. Similar to the circle portals, they had one destination and one destination only, it was back to the place where Fex had come from.
He had realized this before but thought nothing much of it because, without the access code, Logan would never be able to use the teleporter.
But looking at the screen, Fex didn't know when, but soon, he would have access to the teleporter.
*****