When Logan turned back to look down the tunnel from where they came from, he saw that no one had followed them. His plan that he made with his quick thinking had worked.
Even with Peter on his shoulder, he never slowed down. He kept running down the tunnel until they eventually reached an open space that had a lot of different paths and tunnels for them to choose from. It was similar to one of the areas where they had just come from.
The only difference with this open space was that there weren't any dead students littered about.
"Let go of me!" Peter shouted, with his eyes now fully red and glowing in the dark. His mouth opened wide, revealing his teeth, which had grown sharper and larger.
Logan felt the weight on his shoulder was about to shift. He could tell that something was up and immediately threw Peter off his shoulder, slamming him onto the ground. The impact was rough since Logan didn’t hold himself back. 
This was because he could feel the strength of Peter and he knew that he couldn't hold back any of his power. If the two were to get into a scuffle over strength, Logan was sure he wouldn't win.
Peter lifted his head and got a glimpse of Logan, who now had his blaster pointed toward him. In return, Peter gave out a type of snarl and a deep, angry growl.
"You're still in there, right, Peter?" said Logan.
Hearing his name coming out of Logan's mouth calmed him down a little. But Peter suddenly started to seize, his body furiously shook as he thrashed around on the floor. While doing so, the glow in his eyes seemed to have significantly dimmed.
Seeing Peter hurt himself like this. Logan couldn't help but feel sad. It was clear that Peter didn't enjoy this and didn't want to eat him. Instead, he was desperately fighting that primal urge.
He started to wonder if he had made a mistake and should have allowed Peter to eat that girl they had first met.
Looking for some kind of solution, Logan picked out and held out his altered hand scanner. He had made his alterations to the scanner given by the school. The one he had was able to cover a wider range, and it was what led him to find the underground town in the first place.
If it just worked, then he would be able to scan the tunnels and find out where the other deceased students were located. Instead of walking through blindly and playing their chances, they would at least have some benchmark as to where they should go.
But for some reason, ever since coming down underground, the scanner was useless.
"Why won't you work!"
Logan said, and Peter was now standing in front of him with his head facing down towards the ground. It was unknown whether he had recovered his sanity or if he had already been taken over by his hunger and primal urges.
****
Meanwhile, on the other hand,
After Quinn and Fex realized that there was nothing the two of them could do to retrieve their items, they decided to leave the room. They had tried attacking the strange cylinder and even tried to dig underneath the ground.
However, the black substance that made up the whole tower was also incredibly strong, just as strong as Gatherum. It would take nearly their entire strength to break apart small pieces of the tower, and understandably, it would take them a few days to make the slightest progress.
If one day,
They discovered a way to easily break the metal cylinder or the black substance that surrounded the tower, then he could always return and grab the pieces of armor.
As they left the room, they continued to ascend the stairs upwards, and at the same time, Fex couldn't stop apologizing to Quinn for being rash and picking up the ring, which caused them to lose their chances of retrieving the other items.
He was unaware of how much of a good mood Quinn was in right now for receiving the ring.
He no longer would have to look strange carrying an umbrella around with him beneath the scorching sun.
Also, when fighting, he no longer needed to rely on the suit. But of course, Quinn was happy that he had the suit. Now, it was being used more when he wanted to fight using it and hiding his abilities, rather than as a device to block out the sun.
Finally, after a long walk, they reached a platform. It was the final platform. As they also noticed the ceiling above, Several blue crystals protruded from beneath the ceiling as well.
Upon seeing the crystals, Quinn's greed wanted him to take all the crystals and sell them when he got back, but it would have been difficult anyway unless he could fly to reach and pull out the crystals. It would also waste an incredible amount of time.
On the final platform, there was another large, arch-shaped double door like the one before. It also had no lock, and all the two needed to do was push it open with their two hands.
Just like every room they had entered before, the lights started to light up one by one, revealing what the room looked like.
From the door to the center room, was a large red carpet...
It reached the center, where there was a very large circle on the ground. The pattern on the circle was similar to that on the door they had first seen. Only there didn't seem to be anywhere for the blood crystal to be put in.
Past this, was a red carpet on the other end of the circle, which continued forward until it eventually reached a large chair.
"Who the hell was this vampire?" Fex said. "It seems like he might have had a hell of an ego. Did he think he was a king or something?"
There was only one Vampire King or Queen, so Fex found it strange that a vampire, perhaps a remainder from the thirteen families, or those stationed here, would create such a room.
Looking at the large chair, or throne.
It looked like only a person of significance would be allowed to sit in such a place.
That was when Quinn spotted something while looking at the throne. Everything in the room was a disappointment so far since there seemed to be nothing there of use. But just behind the chair, a little bit above, it looked like a clear glass pane, and inside was a large sword-like weapon.
The sword didn't look regular, even though it was locked away behind a glass casing, it seemed to have several black chains wrapped around it, from the hilt up to the tip of the blade.
'Why would a sword need to be chained up when it isn't being held by anyone?'
Fex, too, had seen the sword and started to rush forward excitedly. After a few steps, he stopped himself as he was reminded of what had happened in the room before.
"Quinn, how about you go for this one…?" He said, smiling nervously.
Quinn walked straight past the throne chair and continued to the class encasement. While looking at the blade closer, he could tell it was a beast blade rather than just a regular sword.
The handguard seemed to be quite scaly and rocky. It was red and had a pattern that matched the armor, they had seen earlier. Between the handguard and the bladed part was a red gem. It looked very similar to the crystal that Quinn had obtained after defeating the king-tier beast.
From the crystal, inside the sword, a single red line ran up the blade until the tip. It looked like a bar of some sort, but both the crystal and the red line running up the sword seemed to be void of any power.
Placing his clawed gauntlet fingertips on the glass pane covering it. He started to use all his strength, hoping to make a scratch or an indentation. Just like with all of the materials they had discovered before in the tower, it was almost unbreakable for him.
"I was going to tell you, but I thought you got the gist by now," Fex said, seeing Quinn attempt to break the glass.
After giving up on the idea of getting the sword, Quinn was about to search the room to see if there was anything he had missed. He took a step back and once again, the room seemed to slightly vibrate.
In front of the sword... a podium started to rise.
It wasn't large, and it rose to about waist height, where Quinn was standing.
The vibration stopped in the room, and so did the podium.
On top, there was a diamond-shaped hole.
Quinn looked at Fex to see if he had any clue what was going on.
"Don't look at me," Fex replied. "I've been long lost about this place ever since we entered this tower."
He was right.
Quinn knew more about this tower than Fex, and that was only because the system had informed him that this was a vampire tomb. Still, Quinn had yet to see a casket. The tower didn't have many rooms, there was the ground floor, the middle-level floor, and the top floor.
They couldn't miss anything, so where was the vampire being kept? Right now, though, Quinn was more concerned about the podium in front of him.
As he gently ran his fingers over the top of the podium, another message appeared.
[Would you like to insert your blood crystal?]
[Once inserted the blood crystal may not be removed!]
[Yes] [No]
"If I select yes, will it allow me to obtain the sword?"