Inside the dimly lit room, with the torches of flames flickering. The man stood there wondering why anyone would choose to take the ring. Out of all the items that he had left behind, it seemed strange. Any experienced vampire at first glance could tell that it was the weakest of the items that had been left and even the least valuable.
'Maybe it had been a mistake.' The man thought. Whatever it was, for now, the man was thankful, since he needed a new set of clothing. Once, he changed and found the person who had woken him up. He would allow whoever had the ring to exchange it for something else, he thought.
He then walked over to the other five podiums that were covered in the strange metal casing. As he placed his fingertips on the cold outside, in an instant, they seemed to react and started to vibrate.
Each one of them went back into the ground, revealing the pieces of armor that were once there. After strapping all the armor on, he was no longer naked. Although, through the gaps between certain parts, bare white skin could still be seen, as he was still wearing nothing underneath.
The helmet allowed most of his face to be seen. It had two spiraling red horns on top, with a thin piece of metal that went down to the nose.
"This will have to do, for now. Let's just hope I wasn't woken up in the middle of a war. Perhaps that's why the person left in a hurry after waking me up." The man thought.
He continued to go down the spiraling staircase, but he found everything a bit strange. If a war was going on, why wasn't he hearing anything outside? Soon, though, he had his answer.
When stepping outside, he had expected one of two things. A parade of people would be there to welcome him back, or a big fight would be taking place. But he saw neither of those things. Instead, all that was left was an abandoned town.
When stepping out, he could feel that there was no sign of any others like him in the area, just beasts. He didn't give up, though.
"Maybe my senses are yet to wake up." He told himself as he continued to look around at the buildings nearby. He searched and searched, but there was nothing. A few beasts that sensed he was near scurried away, not wanting anything to do with the new presence.
Finally, he came across something that looked a little interesting. It was a strange human-sized beast that looked like it had been killed not too long ago. The reason why he found it interesting, though, was that he could sense strange energy from it similar to his own.
"Now why would a blood crystal have been left behind with a beast." Seeing this, he felt the same energy as the beast. He thought, that maybe his awakening was an accident.
Somehow, the blood crystal he had left behind with one of his family members had ended up in the hands of this beast. From the looks of the area, it had been abandoned long ago, but he still had no clue how long he had been asleep for.
Someone might have killed the beast, taken the crystal, and then entered the tower, unaware of everything that was happening. That would also explain why they would choose to take the ring if they had no clue what the other items did.
"Perhaps my stinginess paid off in the end." He said, laughing to himself. Before going into eternal sleep, his closest aid, Steven, had asked him to leave behind certain treasures.
They had also asked him to set up trials in the tower, but the man was too lazy for that. When picking out items, he chose the ones that he felt were the easiest to replace.
Steven was confused by his actions. If he was going into eternal sleep anyway, it would be best to leave his best equipment for those of the next generation, but once a cheapskate, always a cheapskate. Steven couldn't change his nature.
Thinking back on how it might be possible, there was also the chance that someone not a part of his family or a different species had obtained the blood crystal. He was now glad he hadn't left out any powerful items. Otherwise, it could have caused trouble.
"Well, no use thinking about it now." The man said as he stretched his arms. "Before I choose to go back to sleep, I'm quite curious about what happened to everyone here, and I guess there's only one way to find out."
The man continued to walk out of the town into the tunnels. The sword was now wrapped around his back, using the chains to hold it onto his chest piece of armor. It seemed like he had picked a tunnel at random when walking. Still, after choosing one path, it carried on for a while until eventually sunlight could be seen at the end.
A step was taken out of the tunnel and into the sunlight. The man was surrounded by nature, and the rays of sunlight shot through the trees and leaves. They were touching both the skin on his hands and the open area on his face. However, unlike Quinn and Fex, there was no reaction to the man.
"My skin's a little itchy. It would have been nice to have that ring. Otherwise, I might develop a rash of some sort." He complained as he scratched the front of his hand.
"Ahhhh!" A scream was suddenly heard coming from his right. Immediately, without thinking about it, he started to dash in the direction of the scream. Moving at an incredible speed, he was able to maneuver around, avoiding the trees and hitting the branches and vines that would block his path.
Eventually, he could see a little girl just by a river, but she wasn't alone. A large snake, nearly four times the size of the girl, was on her body with its head held high, looking at her. The girl tried to back away, but there was nowhere left for her to go, as the river was behind her and the large black snake in front.
The snake dashed with its head leading forward. With nothing else to do, the girl closed her eyes and screamed once more as she felt like her life was over.
When no pain was felt, she decided to open her eyes again. The snake was no longer there, it had disappeared entirely, and instead, standing in its place was a man in strange red armor.
Seeing the snake had gone, she collapsed onto the floor with her knees hitting the stoney, hard ground. "I thought I was going to die..." she said, crying.
"It's okay." The man said. "The big snake is gone and won't bother you anymore."
Looking at the girl, he noticed that there were a few cuts on her body. The worst wound was the one on her knee. It was severely scraped and blood was being drawn from it.
The man grabbed her leg and looked at it carefully. "It looks quite bad, but I should be able to help you with that." He then spat on both of his hands and started to rub them together.
The girl started to cry even louder, seeing the man do these strange actions.
"You're a weirdo, I'm going to be killed by a weirdo!" She cried.
"No, no, don't worry, I'm not trying to do anything strange." He replied. "Trust me, my spit is like magic." He then placed his spit-covered hands on top of the knee, holding it down.
The girl felt no pain and waited a few moments, still unsure whether to trust the stranger or not. When the man let go of her knee, the wound had completely disappeared. Looking at it, she was amazed.
"Thank you, sir. You must have the ability to heal!" she said.
"Ability?" The man replied, confused.
"What's your name?" she asked.
"You can call me Arthur."
Just then, the smile that was on the girl's face only seconds ago, dropped. She started pulling on Arthur's arm hard.
"Arthur, me and you are friends, right?"
Arthur nodded in response.
"Then please, you have to help me, my family, everyone here is in trouble. The soldiers, they went away. I don't know why, but they left us all here, and shortly after, there was an attack. At first, we managed to stop them, but after killing the first beasts, more started to come..." As she spoke these words, she was struggling to breathe, gasping for air in between. Arthur could see this was tough for her. She looked extremely young, barely older than five.
"He then picked her up with one hand and brought her close to his chest.
"Tell me where to go."
The girl pointed in a direction, and Arthur immediately moved. It wasn't as quick as before. However, the girl could still feel how fast he was moving, as a breeze similar to when one is riding a bike fast was felt on her face.
Every so often, Arthur would stop and ask the girl for directions. She knew roughly where the area was but wasn't sure as she had been running away from the beast and had gotten slightly lost.
"I'm so sorry, Arthur." the girl said.
Sniffing his nose into the air, he could smell it.
"Don't worry, I know where they are."
A sweet smell entered his nose, a scent he remembered vividly. The smell of blood.
****