As Peter's name was revealed to the audience, there seemed to be a strange reaction between a few people, and others started to notice this shift. The VR game that Peter played Power fighters was very popular, and the user ZombieP had become a hot topic amongst players. However, there were a few important things to note.
Not everyone who played the game visited the forums; only those that truly enjoyed the game like Nate and Sam were a part of this group. Second of all, the servers that Peter played on were the military servers, meaning the only people who knew about Peter were the military students themselves.
Still, the strange reaction caused by the students above started to spread like fire. When one or two would start to talk and murmur others beside them would ask what was so interesting.
"Is he ZombieP?" A student asked.
"Maybe he's just a fan?"
"Can someone explain to me who ZombieP is?"
"Ah! You don't know; he's quite well known in the VR game Power fighters"."
The students were busy sharing information and videos of ZombieP's performance in the game, and soon nearly every student now knew about ZombieP. However, those who were in Del's class were confused as the video clearly showed the person in the video had a regenerative ability, while the Peter they knew was an earth user.
Those that knew Peter couldn't believe the connection. It just didn't make any sense.
Although Peter's information was being spread between the students, the same couldn't be said for the people in the arena. They had come from outside the military, and even though the game was popular on the outside, they didn't have access to the military servers and knew nothing of the name.
This was the same for Jack and the others in the booth as well. While they all had their eyes spread, watching all the participants fighting, Jack was mainly focused and excited about the beatdown that Peter was about to receive.
"Wait, you’re friends with ZombieP?" Sam asked, shocked by what he had just found out. The others had told him, they were mainly watching the fighting tournament because of Peter but didn't explain much else. They didn’t know that this type of reaction was going to happen. The fact that everyone was talking about Peter came as a surprise even to them.
"Wait, can somebody please explain to me, what is the big deal about Peter being called ZombieP?" Layla asked.
"I guess I should explain this one since it's partly my fault," Logan said. "One day, when I was busy doing my usual tinkering away at my workbench, Peter had decided to play the game. unbeknownst to me, he was causing quite a stir in the online world and had become infamous because of his powerful regenerative abilities."
Logan was unable to go into further detail due to Sam being there, but there was quite a difference between Peter's ability in the game and the one out there.
The game had managed to copy Peter's unique body structure. Rather than ability, it determined his body was what was causing the extraordinary healing. This was why it allowed him to use his abilities in the game the same way Quinn could use his as well. But as Quinn was able to use his blood abilities with no drawback, Peter could use his regenerative abilities as well, making him nearly invisible in the game.
In real life, this wasn't the case. Peter did have extraordinary healing abilities, but if he was pushed to the edge, he would no longer heal until he was fed.
'Let's just hope Truedream isn't planning something stupid."
Nate nearly exploded into excitement after hearing the user's name; now he thought he understood why they were heavily guarding him. Noticing his watch's level showing a one, there must have been something different about this person.
Perhaps they didn't want the secret to be revealed; either way, Nate was beyond excited.
He was going to watch a match between two infamous people from the game—the Blood Evolver VS ZombieP.
"Ladies and gentlemen, the match will now begin!" The buzzer had sounded, and the fight had now started on the ten platforms.
There was quite a mix to the sound of the buzzers going off. Some students charged in immediately, causing fireworks and sparks to fly as they battle. While others patiently circled the ring, waiting for the right chance to attack. Most of the attention was focused on the flashier matches and didn't pay attention to much else.
Silver, who was one of the referees of another match, had her mind focused somewhere else.
'I need to get this match over and done with as soon as possible.'
The two students she was watching were both female, and the two of them continued to circle each other, waiting for one of them to attack.
'Come on...' Silver thought.
At last, one of the female students swirled her hands around and blasted a hydro pump full of water. A strong stream of water came out from the palm of her hand and was heading straight for the other student. The distance was great between the two, and the other contestant was not worried about an attack like this; she would easily be able to avoid it.
But then, she noticed Silver walking around the edge of the ring; this was fine, as a ref, one needed to reposition themselves to stop the fight at any moment, just like a boxing match. For a second, though, the two of their eyes met. The stress was now heading towards her.
'Huh, what's this, I can't move' The student was shocked, she screamed at her body to jump out of the way, but it just wasn't listening to her for some reason.
'Am I that nervous?' She thought, but it was now too late. The powerful stream of water had hit her right in the chest, causing her to be lifted off her feet and send her flying through the air. She was now off the platform and was falling below, but soon she felt her back hit against a solid ground.
"Ah, I'm alive." She said, feeling her heart beating rapidly. When she stood up, she noticed she was on a makeshift pillar that was slowly descending back into the ground. The earth soldier below had raised a new platform as soon as he saw her fall off the platform.
"We have our first winner!" The announcer said.
The female student was upset and was still confused about what had happened, but she was only a first-year student and put it down to the fact she must have been more nervous than she thought.
'Finally, now, I can focus.' Silver said. During the fight, when the student's eyes had met with hers, she had activated her Daze power, freezing her for a moment. Her goal was to end the fight as quickly as possible, and it seemed to work. Now she could freely watch the illegals' battle.
"Hmm, that was a little strange," Owen said, sitting inside the booths till playing with his long hair.
"Did you notice something?" Oscar, the supreme commander, asked.
"You didn't? It must have been my imagination then." He replied.
"It's quite hard to focus on one fight in particular when so many are going on." Mona Bree said.
Many of them had already chosen to form the initial inspection, which they wanted to watch. From a glance at the equipment, it was usually easy to tell which students were stronger. Good equipment indicated they were strong enough to slay that beast in the first place. However, this wasn't always the case, as some received more support from their family members than others.
On the other hand, Owen was only interested in one person, and that was Silver, and this was the reason he had paid attention to their fight.
While Jack had his pure attention focused on one fight, it looked like something interesting was going on, on that particular platform.
When the fight had started, Larry immediately had gotten into a fighting stance. He had his gauntlets and full beast gear on. Everything seemed to be at the intermediate level, and looking at him reminded him a little bit of Quinn. Although as soon as he got in a wide fighting stance that changed, as Quinn usually fought more freely, adapting as he went along.
Larry waited and waited for Peter to do something until eventually, Peter raised his hand in the air.
"I forfeit from the match." He said. Peter didn't care about this match and fighting
meant there was a chance to reveal himself and Quinn. Originally, he wanted to fight but thought this was for the best, even if he was to die.
The words had been spoken loud and clear, and Peter even raised his hand to signal this
to the Ref. Even so, the Ref stood there in silence; it was as if he had never even heard the words in the first place.
"I said, I forfeit!" Peter shouted.
There were no mics on the students, and the platforms, along with the noise from the crowd, were far too loud and far for anybody to hear.
Seeing this, Jack started to giggle inwardly to himself.
'You think you can just give up, no... no matter what you do; you can't run away from this fight. The whole audience and that disgusting organization of yours are going to see you be beaten till you can no longer move in front of everyone."
***