Standing inside the small room looking at Peter directly In front of them. Fex couldn't believe it. They had successfully managed to make their way to Peter's room with no trouble at all. This type of thing could have only been done with extensive research and Fex looked at Logan in even more amazement now.
For Logan, his plan turned out better than he thought. Everything was easier than it would have been anywhere else, and the reason was that the military had kept to the same routine down to the last second. There were a few variables that Logan had planned out for but expected that he might not have needed them. When walking through certain hallways, and through the rooms, everything had turned out as he had expected.
Still, he had kept his spiders out to watch just in case. If they had made any changes to their routine, the spiders would have been able to see and inform him beforehand... There was only one tricky part of the whole operation, and that was due to the room Peter was in.
To keep an eye on Peter, he had been placed in a separate section compared to everyone else. A room made just for him that was void with contact to the outside.
On top of this, two guards were to be stationed by the door. This was better for both 
Fex
 and Quinn.
The military had expected an attack from the outside. The easiest time to attack would be during the event when the soldiers were busy and spread thin. If they caused a panic, they would be too busy dealing with the public than dealing with the attack. They were confident in their measures and never expected someone from the inside to do anything.
Their main concern was with others or the students seeing them, so this was better for them all together. The two guards who were stationed at the front door were where Fex would come into play. The two of them stood just around the corner from Peter's room silently as they waited for the answer from above.
As soon as Vorden had successfully knocked out Quinn, they would act. If not, they would turn around and abandon the whole thing. They needed to wait because the only thing they could do at this point was to knock out the two guards in front of them and take Peter away. Logan had timed everything, so the shift change had just happened.
No one would find their beaten bodies for another hour. Which meant they needed to take Peter to Silver within the time frame.
Then a message had been received from above.
"He did it, and a lot quicker than I thought," Logan said, surprised.
From around the corner of the corridor, two spiders were released once again. They scaled up the wall and went above the ceiling. They walked until they were just above the two soldiers' heads.
"You ready?" Logan asked as he could see Fex was fiddling with a string in his hand. This string was different from the usual type he would use. When Fex used his abilities before, it would always be nearly invisible to the eye, but this string was dyed red like blood.
The ability had been infused with his vampire blood abilities to make it several times stronger. The only problem was it took some preparation time to use.
This was why he was unable to use it against the king tier beast before, at the same time he had already deemed it would be useless because the king tier beast was far too strong. Still, for situations like this, it was perfect.
When Fex was finally ready, he gave the nod, and at the same time, the spiders fell hovering above the neck of the guards. Both of them felt something ticklish on their neck. One soldier tried slapping it, while another turned around trying to fling whatever was on him.
This small distraction was all that was needed for Fex to whip out his blood-red strings. Quickly they wrapped around their mouths like a spider web, before wrapping around their legs and pulling them to the ground. Then finally, their whole arms and legs had been covered.
They tried to break free from the strings, but it was nearly impossible for them. The spiders continued to move along their body, as they scanned for any traces of equipment that could give them away. The only thing that was found was a tracker that had been placed along with an alert button. However, the alert hadn't been pressed, so it was best to leave everything as it was for now.
The two of them entered the room, and they could see Peter standing there still. He had heard the commotion outside and was wondering what was going on, but he had never expected to see these two.
Peter had already given up hope of being saved.
"I never expected you to save me," Peter said.
"Don't thank us yet, until you hear what we have to say. And it's not good news." Fex replied.
Back above ground, Vorden had now switched back with Sil. He had sent a report to the others to proceed with what they were doing.
He hadn't extracted the blood yet as Fex had given him a warning and they needed to wait for the timing. He knew that Quinn was currently going through getting rid of his addiction.
Fex never knew about the connection Vorden had and never expected him to be able to get such powerful abilities. He had hoped with Quinn going through the addiction, he would be weak enough to the point where it was easier for him to be knocked out and it seemed like it had worked. There were many times when Vorden had watched Quinn, he appeared to have been given two or three chances, as if he had more lives than one, but this time that hadn't happened.
However, this also meant there was a chance that during the fight, Quinn would be close to turning into a Bloodsucker. He had been informed that there should be a flask similar on Quinn's body. Vorden searched and found a replica. The next step was to wait patiently for the others to get back to him, or until there were signs that Quinn was starting to change.
"We have successfully gotten Peter, we're coming up now," Logan said.
Everything seemed to have fallen into place. Layla had entered the room and was now standing by Quinn's side, both of them looking at Quinn's body.
"How do you think he will react when he wakes up?" Layla asked.
"I think he'll be pissed, but he will understand. He will soon realize if he was in our shoes, he would have done the same thing." Vorden replied. As he pulled out a small little dagger and proceeded to cut Quinn on the arm. Blood started seeping from the wound and fell into the flask.
"Do you think this is right, aren't we just sacrificing one life for another?" Layla asked.
"Don't forget, Peter had already been caught by the military there was nothing we could do. This solves both our problems. They never find out about the vampires, and for a short while it will get the vampires off our back."
[0/95 HP]
[Blood lust is at its maximum]
[You are now transforming]
The standard messages would appear, even though Quinn wasn't conscious.
Suddenly as the flask was filled. Quinn's body started to jolt up and down as it began to shake. Vorden knew what this was straight away. He quickly handed over the flask with Quinn's blood to Layla.
He then grabbed the other flask that was on Quinn's body, he held his mouth open with one hand while pouring it all in with the other. A few moments later, the shaking had stopped. The veins and muscles that were bulging had calmed down, and it looked like everything was safe for now.
[Multiple blood types have been consumed]
[calculating stat increases]
[...]
[..]
"Here take this as well," Vorden said, handing over the second flask. "Fex said for Quinn to keep it, but I'm afraid it might only bring us more trouble in the future, give it back to him. Don't worry about me and just go." Vorden shouted.
Before leaving, she took one look at Quinn, there was a good chance that his current life now would be hers. Always running away, but still. At least Quinn isn't following anyone, he chose to do things his way. With that, she ran off out of the building.
"Don't wake up Quinn," Vorden said. "It's for your good."
****
Outside, the two boys had returned with Peter, they had given him one of the masks to wear for now in case the other students outside would see him. Although it was pretty late now, nearly all of the students had already returned to their rooms.
Layla came running out towards them, as they met on the platform a little away from military hotel 2. She could see the three boys in their masks, and she had to admit, it looked a little intimidating. The masks had a scary look to them in their designs and made them all appear like demons.
"Do you have the blood?" Fex asked.
"It's right here," Layla said, handing over the flask. She then quickly pulled out the second one and handed it to him as well. "Vorden said he knows you mean well, but there is a chance others could come looking for it."
Fex wanted to say no, he wanted Quinn to at least have something to remember him by when he left. This was a gift, but at the same time, he would be selfish otherwise if he insisted. It was true, if humans found the flask, there was a good chance he would be investigated. He took the two flasks and then grabbed Peter by the arm.
"Tell Quinn he doesn't have to worry about the vampires, there are no vampires stationed at military base two, nor are there any at the other military bases now. Once I leave with Peter, he will have nothing to worry about for a good while. I don't have the time to say goodbye to you all, and neither does Peter. I wish you all good luck in the future." Fex said, as he grabbed, Peter and took off into the distance. A cloud of mist seemed to incase the two of them, and when the mist had settled, they no longer could be seen.
Layla and Logan didn't even have the chance to even say their final words.
"You know, when Fex first came I kind of hated him, especially with everything he did to Erin," Layla said. "But he was never a bad guy, I'm going to miss that idiot."
"It will certainly feel weird without him and my assistant, good luck to you two as well," Logan said.
***