Before they had left Peter's room, both 
Fex
 and Vorden had updated Peter on the whole situation. They informed him of the plan and the troubles that came with it.
Without hesitation, after being told what needed to be done, Peter had agreed. After hearing this was all for Quinn's sake, he was happy he would be of some help to his creator and savior.
However, the sudden response seemed strange, Fex thought. Sure, Wights were loyal to their creators, but not like this. One would have to command order and be forced to do so due to the bond of blood, but Peter seemed to have been so accepting over the whole thing.
"I can't guarantee what will happen to you when they find out," Fex said. "You could be killed." The words spoken were trying to deter him.
"It's okay, Peter." Replied. "Better than being left in the hands of the humans. Besides, if I stayed, there is a good chance they would find out about all of you, and I wouldn't want anything to happen."
Hearing these words had put a smile on Vorden's face.
"Peter, you did change for the better. And I don't think it's just cause you're a Wight now," said Vorden. "When you first evolved, you seemed cruel and distant, but those words right there. They didn't come from the Wight version of you or the old Peter. Right now, I see a new man."
Hearing Vorden's words just confirmed Fex's strange thoughts further. Wights were relatively short-tempered and evil. Sure Peter had shown this a few times, but it wasn't to the degree of Wights that he knew. Perhaps this was the influence of Quinn's will on the creator. It was a shame as it seemed to be progressing slowly; Peter started to change away from the standard Wight.
"Let's go," Fex said.
*****
After parting ways from the others, Peter was taken to a safe, secluded place out on the platform, away from the meeting point with Silver, as well as away from the others. The masks were now returned, and right now, Peter had transformed his face to look like Quinn. If anyone were to see the two of them, they would just think they were nothing more than two students laughing.
There was no chance for someone else to spot Quinn either, as Vorden was keeping an eye on him in the special training room.
"Do you hate me?" Fex asked.
"No," Peter replied instantly but gave nothing more back.
"I hate me," Fex said. "You know I thought I might get attached to this place and hate to go back home. What I didn't expect was that I would get attached to the people rather than the place. I can't help but think that they all had to go through this just because of my selfish wants."
"The vampires would have come for Quinn anyway," Peter replied.
"What do you mean by that?" Fex asked. There was no reason to send any of the vampires to the military base. They had only come out to search for him.
Peter hadn't replied because he didn't know why the vampires would come after Quinn. All he knew was before, Quinn would often say that it seemed like for some reason he was trying to get stronger as fast as possible, as if he was preparing for a threat ahead.
"Oh, I think I know," Fex said, giving his answer and coming to his conclusion as usual. It had to be something to do with the shadow powers. There was a good chance that Quinn's master was part of the old punishers. If they were still around. If the others knew about this, they certainly would send people after him. Even if Quinn's master wasn't a punisher, the others would want to get their hands on Quinn's power for themselves and find out which family was in charge of Quinn.
'I never did find out the truth behind him.' Fex at first was very curious but soon felt bad about trying to find details of what he would now call a friend back. It just felt wrong and wasn't in his nature to do things like that.
"Here, take this," Fex said as he handed the flask over to Peter. After opening the lid, Peter gulped down the whole drink in one go and suddenly had a strange feeling in his chest.
It was something he hadn't felt in a while, and it was all a little alien to him.
[SFX - heartbeat]
"The sound…my heart, it’s beating again!"
As the blood fell down his throat and reached his heart, strange energy surged through his body. The blood was now being pumped from the heart all over the body. He could feel it moving through his veins. It felt as if his insides were on fire. For anyone else, it would be a painful experience, but for Peter, it was a joy. Since it was the first time he had felt pain in a while.
"What is this?" Peter asked.
"It's your master's blood; usually, there would be no reason to do this to a wight. Their strengths are the fact that they can't feel pain; if anything, this makes you seem more human. Anyway, don't be too happy, the effects are temporary.” Fex explained. "Our powers come from our blood, and right now, Quinn's power is inside you. Right now, the feeling, the smell, and even the look. With all this, I wouldn't be able to tell who I was looking at. As in terms of powers, although your attacks and such will be healthy, you still can't produce any blood attacks like we are.
"Also, I would urge you not to fight or test out any of your powers. At most, I see this lasting a week. Day by day, the power will slowly start to fade, and sooner or later, they will find out. If you start using that extra strength of yours, it will only go away quicker."
Fex then took a deep breath as he started to walk off to one of the military bases. "Leave all the talking to me."
Once again, Silver was waiting patiently on top of the roof of building four. In her hand was a rectangular-looking device that looked identical to the one in Logan's room. It was a portable teleporter.
She had trusted that her brother would complete the task, although he was a fool, he wasn't one to break promises. When he said he would finish it, she already knew he would get it done.
"You're here." She said, as two figures jumped up from the side.
"Oh." Silver replied, seeing that the person she had brought with them was still fully conscious.
"As you requested, this is the vampire who had made it illegal. I had been tailing him a while and explained everything had happened. When I told him that a vampire knight was here to catch him, he immediately turned himself in, knowing there was no need to fight."
A vampire knight, a class that was designated just below the vampire leader. It was a unique role as each family was able to designate only two vampires in their family. They would mostly be in charge of running things or giving orders if the vampire leader wasn't present. Because of this, to be able to be elected into such a position. One would need a strong power to keep the others in the line.
Seeing the beautiful woman in front of him, Peter felt nothing. Yet, for some reason, that seemed to worry him even more. When he had first encountered Fex, his wild energy could be felt throughout; one could tell he was strong. But with Silver, it was calm; it was as if she wasn't even there yet clearly she stood right in front of him.
"And what of the illegal." She asked. "I have taken care of him and gotten rid of the body, but since he and this one are registered students. They will soon find out about them. I suggest we leave as soon as possible."
Silver walked over to Fex slowly; the sound of her boots hitting the floor was heard. Everything had been prepared for this moment, and he had answered perfectly, now he just needed her to believe him. However, he was too afraid and didn't want to look up for even a second.
Suddenly, he felt a hand on his hair. Silver ruffled it up and gave it a little pat. "You have done well, little brother. I will tell the family of your good deeds here, and they shall lighten the punishment."
The square portal device was placed on the ground, and a unique digital number was imputed. The contraption started to open itself up slowly piece by piece until it had finally connected.
Fex quickly tied up Peter's hand behind his back with his string ability and pulled him along.
'Goodbye, everyone.' He said in his head as he stepped through the portal, with Peter following behind. Soon after, Silver threw a small circular ball on the floor and stepped through herself.
The small circular ball started to blink red and made a beeping sound, the blinking along with the sound, started to get faster until…
[SFX - Explosion]
The ball had exploded, destroying everything in a two-meter radius, including the portal. No one would be able to follow their traces to the Vampire's home.
*****