The ball of energy could be felt swirling around in his body. On the first day while practicing Quinn was able to remember what Leo had taught him and what he had felt that day. Just as he promised, he practiced it every morning, and he was currently sitting on top of his bed in a mediating position, crossed-legged.
Vorden didn't ask what Quinn was doing, but just assumed that he must have been under a lot of stress lately and was just trying out a few things to let that stress out of him.
Breathing in deeply, he could see the ball of energy. Before, it was the size of a ping pong ball, but now it had grown to the size of a tennis ball. Each day it seemed to be growing in size as he managed to gather and control more Qi around his body. The next step was moving it around into the different parts, and this was the tricky part.
Moving the energy from his fingertips to his toes is what Leo had told him to do. Thus, if he wanted the Qi to naturally enhance his entire body, he would have to flatten the ball so that the energy spread out all over the body. It was clear that he had a long way to go, but he also had no clue whether or not he was improving fast or slow. Still, he decided to trust Leo. It only took him thirty minutes to practice each morning, anyway.
'Fex' Quinn thought.
The next step was getting stronger. He now had a time frame, and it was far shorter than he had first thought. Realistically, he didn't know how big the vampire world was, or how long it would take to save Fex. He couldn't just leave his training up until the very last day. They also needed to spend some time in the vampire world, too.
So in Quinn's head, rather than having two months to save Fex, he would only have one for the actual training.
[560/51200]
With just his daily tasks and playing the VR game, his exp gaining was extremely slow. So if he wasn't able to level up, then there was only one thing he could do to get stronger in such a short amount of time, which was to consume blood.
'I know Fex said I'll get addicted the more times I drink blood, but that doesn't matter right now. I can always wear myself off of it later. I know it will be tough, but I have no choice.'
After Quinn was done with his normal lessons, he made his decision. He thought about how he could get many different types of blood easily, he also knew a certain person who could help him with that.
****
"Hm, of course, I can help you with that," Logan said in his usual chair while getting a massage from his mechanical spider arms. "But before I help you, I want you to tell me why. And no more lies Quinn. We've already decided to go to the vampire world together."
Quinn planned to raid the city's hospital. Not the school's one, but the actual hospital located near the plaza center that all soldiers had access to. They had been there once before, but the only problem Quinn had at the time was the cameras. After seeing what Logan could do, and what he had done at the base event, it should be easy work for Logan. On top of that, Quinn also had the shadow cloak that would be able to hide him in the darkness. As long as they did this at night, and the cameras were turned off, there would be no evidence of any culprit who could have done such a thing.
"Fex's sister came to me last night," Quinn said.
As soon as he said these words, Logan's mechanical arms that were giving him a massage all lifted in the air as if they were shocked and reacting to how Logan was feeling.
"I know they have some type of council there, and she came to tell me about their decision with Fex."
"With Fex, not Peter?"
Quinn shook his head.
"I don't know about Peter, but as for Fex, they've decided to give him a public execution."
Logan wasn't as surprised with the verdict of the vampires as Quinn was. The reason being, Vordeb had asked Fex a question at the time before he had left, and his answer wasn't something that gave him confidence. Perhaps Fex already knew that there was a chance of this happening.
"Okay, so I understand that but what does that have to do with going to the hospital?" Logan asked.
"The truth is, I get stronger from every different blood type I consume. So far there have been no restrictions that I know of. Different blood types support me in different ways. I can get physically stronger, faster, and a few other benefits as well."
Thinking about what Quinn had just said, Logan was a little horrified. How many humans existed on the campus alone, how many humans in the entire existence existed. If what he was saying was true. At some point Quinn's strength would be unmatched, he would become a Vampire god.
"Are there other vampires like this?" Logan asked, now having slight second thoughts if this was the case.
"No, it seems to be special and related to my system."
"Alright, I'll help you, Quinn, of course, I will. We won't waste any time, What you've told me has only given me more strength to work. I have been working on some new suits for myself. I'm not so naïve as to believe, that we won't get in any scuffles while there. Oh, and while we're at it." Logan quickly went over to his specially designed fridge, honestly, Quinn didn't know what to call it, but that was the closest thing he had in his head. From the fridge, he pulled out what looked like a small bottle of spray.
It was dark red, and he then proceeded to spray it all over his body without saying a word. But as soon as he did, Quinn knew exactly what he had done.
"It works! You made it work!" Quinn said in excitement.
"For now, I can only make the smell last for up to an hour, which is a bit of a problem, I think. I can make it last a bit longer, but I can't get it to work as a permanent solution." The look on Logan's face was now serious. "Quinn, you need to start being more open to us, not just to me but everyone. If you had told me this sooner, then I could have probably made something to disguise the vampire smell, from both you and Peter. As I said before, I know you don't want us to get involved, but we already are."
Quinn didn't reply,  but he understood that he wasn't alone in all this. Before, he might have been, but right now he had people who were willing to help him, and they were reliable people too.
"We'll meet tonight, at around 8 p.m., that'll give us two hours before the curfew to get in and get out, which should be plenty of time."
Thus, with all that, the plan was set in motion. After Quinn returned to his room, all he needed to do now was wait, until it was time to head to the front gate. With Vorden not in the room and no one to talk to, Quinn thought it would be a good chance to practice his Qi again. However, just as he was about to, the system had spoken out to him, which was a rather rare occurrence.
"You shouldn't be doing this you know?" The system said.
But Quinn decided to not reply after their last confrontation.
"If they find out you're the tenth leader, then…" The system stopped there, not going further.
"Then what?" Quinn replied. "Then they will find out Peter isn't illegal, that Fex did nothing wrong and then both of them will be set free."
"Stop acting like a child and just listen!" The system said. "I keep telling you, you're too weak. Do you remember the girl from the rooftop? She was a vampire knight. There are many more who are just as powerful as her, and on top of that, you also have the vampire leaders, who are all at the Lord level, yet you, you're still just a vampire, not even a noble. Do you think you deserve a seat next to them?"
"Deserve a seat?" Quinn repeated. "I don't care about any of this vampire business, I just want to protect those who are close to me. Tell me, is that so wrong?"
"That's not what I was trying to say… This is not how I feel, but I know this is how they will feel. If they find out you're a leader, then the others will target you. They will just see you as someone weak, someone who they can easily knock out, just so they can attain the throne."
Quinn remained silent for a moment. These days he wasn't enjoying his conversation with the system and was wondering how different his life would have been if he had never found that book in the first place.
"You were one of the old leaders, weren't you?" Quinn said. "I know you won't confirm it, but it's the only reason why you know so much."
"I can see you have made up your mind." The system said. "I tried stopping this but they will find out sooner or later, once you obtain one of the council seats as a leader, willingly or unwillingly. I will tell you everything you want to know then. That is, if you even live to get to that point.
******