When Silver was busy explaining the task, and showing the others how to make a small cut, they all thought it was quite easy and simple, but it turns out it wasn't that easy at all.
After trying it themselves and having a go they found out a few things. The dummy was quite well made and the internal structure inside was done as well.
This made it more realistic, causing problems. Some of the students had grown their nails too long and when digging in, dug far too deep, going past the skin and cutting parts they shouldn't have cut.
Others found it difficult to harden or lengthen their nails. Then, when attempting to force a cut open, they either made a faint scratch or completely damaged the dummy.
"Yuck!" a boy shouted, as the fake blood splattered all over his face.
"You have to be cautious because bodies are complex things." Silver stated. "However, this is why we practice. If you make a mistake, wait a few moments, spit on the dummy to hasten the healing process, and try again. Please also give the dummy time to completely heal before allowing the next person to try."
Then it was Logan's turn and his group's turn. Cia had finally come to and slowly walked over to the others who had surrounded the dummy. Her mind was a little foggy, and while the others could see she was acting strangely, they didn't know why, but she had been acting strangely the entire time they were there. So it wasn't anything new, and they chose to ignore it.
'Layla,' She thought. 'I need to talk to Layla, I'm sure she will tell me the truth if I ask her,  right? But what if she's in on this as well, why didn't she tell me anything this whole time. Maybe I'm just thinking too much.'
Fred was the first to have a go, and he even volunteered. Recognizing that others may not be the best. "I've done it a few times since my parents showed me how. They were well aware that we would discover this at some point." Fred said this while hardening his fingernail and making a small cut along his forearm. It was ideal.
"First you should concentrate on the hardening of the nail, if you get that bit right, then it's similar to cutting meat with a sharp knife." Fred explained as he went back and allowed Timmy to go next.
His fingernail grew slightly, and he went straight to try to make an incision on the dummy. But his hand was trembling, and Fred could see that he had done so in haste, not hardening his fingernail sufficiently. Nothing was created except for a small squiggly line resembling a snake on top of the dummy.
"Haha," One of the students from another group laughed. "Well, we couldn't expect much from a tenth."
"It's not our fault!" Timmy snapped back in anger.
Hearing this, Silver decided to intervene and whispered into the boy's ear, who then returned to his work without saying anything else.
"Don't worry about it, Timmy." Fred said.
The situation behind the tenths now piqued 
Vorden's
 interest as well as Logan's. Something was wrong, and they needed to know what it was if they were going to keep up their phony identity. As a result, Logan had conceived of an idea. It may have seemed strange to inquire, but he devised a method that would not appear too far-fetched. Especially given the amount of information he had gathered thus far.
"Fred." Logan approached him and called out to him. "Could you please explain why the tenths are being treated in this manner? My parents, you see, didn't tell me anything. They did not inform me of the incomings and outgoings on the outside. They didn't want me to get involved or know anything until I was older."
It took a few moments before Fred could reply, and he looked a little saddened before he said anything.
"It makes sense that your parents wouldn't want you to know. The truth is the kids here know nothing about what really happened, neither do I as our parents don't tell us."
"The only thing we do know is that out of the thirteen vampire families, the tenth one is the only one without a current leader. Which also means they have no vampire knights either. There's a few vampire nobles that probably know the truth. They are the ones that run the castle and look after their people, but there aren't many. Because of this, the tenth quickly turned into one of the weakest families out of the thirteen."
"You know about the vampire pool, the vampires that are under a banner but are able to freely move between the families, well that's why we are told to work hard in school, to get noticed by one of the thirteen families. Because if no one ends up picking you, you end up getting left with the tenth family. As time went on, I guess the others looked down on those who are part of the tenth family."
"It's not fair." Timmy said. "My parents didn't choose to be with the tenth, and now I'm stuck here as well. I don't understand, why don't they just pick a new leader." At that point, it looked like Timmy was about to break down in tears. Seeing this, Vorden naturally went over to him.
"It's okay, you know the only person who is in charge of what happens to you, is you. You can change whatever you want. It might be a little harder for you compared to others, but you can change it as well." Vorden said.
If the words had come from someone else, then Timmy would have felt like they didn't understand. They didn't know what it was like to be part of the tenth family, but this had come from Borden, someone who also was a tenth family member. "Thank you."
"You may know more than I do, Timmy." Fred stated. "However, I've heard a few rumors about why they haven't appointed a new leader. The nobles are still loyal to the previous leader, and they have made it impossible for a new ritual to be performed and handed over to someone else. Another rumor is that the tenth leader is still alive somewhere but has not returned. The last I heard, a new tenth leader had already been chosen, but they were just trying to keep it quiet."
"Or the other families are doing this on purpose, waiting for a time when a new king would be selected."
The rumors seemed to be all over the place, from what I could tell. Logan reasoned that this sort of thing would only occur if those in charge were attempting to conceal something. Perhaps each rumor contained a smidgeon of truth.
The vampires appeared to have their own politics in this world, just as humans did, the others reasoned. Even in a place like this, where everything appeared to be well-run on the outside, there was still discrimination against others.
Logan thought it was great news for them when he heard it. Because of their family situation, they were to be treated as weak and unworthy of their time. If they did poorly in school, they could always blame it on the fact that they were in the tenth grade. So when it was Vorden, Cia, and Logan's turn to try to scratch the dummy, none of the others or even Fred were surprised when they couldn't.
He was aware that the members of the tenth family were disorganized in comparison to the others, and that it appeared demotivating. Some found it so difficult that once they were in the tenth family, they tried everything they could to work hard to get out of it.
There were no grades given at the end of the lesson because it was just a practical activity that Silver wanted to do on the first day. Something more exciting and active than her simply explaining things to the others. And, as she looked around at the students, she felt she had done well.
She also decided to keep an eye on the ones from the tenth family, as it appeared that others were targeting them, but not just those from the tenth family. She was also on the lookout for anyone from the thirteenth family. The issue was that, while she was a teacher, everyone knew about her position in the thirteenth family. If they were to do anything, it would not be in front of her.
"Okay, everyone, it's time for a break. You may now all head to the canteen for some food, before returning back to the homeroom class an hour later. Enjoy your lunch." Silver said as she walked off ahead of the students.
"Come on, it looks like all you tenth guys are a bit lost." Fred said. "Let me take you to the canteen."
But the others didn't want to go to the canteen because they were thinking about what vampires ate. Their minds were racing with images. Was it human flesh, eyeballs, livers, or simply blood?
****