There wasn't much else to do for the rest of the day. Because it was the first day of the semester, the students were only given a timetable of what they would learn for the remainder of the semester. The gang took a short glance at it, and there didn't appear to be any concerning details. At the very least, nothing too concerning for how long they intended to stay.
And with that, the school's first day had concluded sooner than normal. Students were encouraged to connect with one another and explore the school, but they were not permitted to leave the campus. They may look around the library, the training area, and even the other classes.
There were living quarters in each structure. Due to the fact that the school was only open for two months during the summer. In other ways, the school functioned like a summer camp for all vampire families. While they would be taught by their own family for the majority of the year.
They were to stay and learn every day until they were finally returned back to their family to complete their learning and training. They'd be invited back at the end of the year to take the final exam to see if they could become an adult vampire. There were no specifics regarding the exam, but because it didn't touch Vorden or the others, they weren't particularly interested in it.
The group had splintered as they exited the classroom. The boys' and girls' dorms were segregated, and they had all been issued a keycard with their room number during class. Cia told the others right away that she was going to get some rest. The others didn't mind because she appeared really exhausted.
She had been through a lot in a short period of time. What the boys went through and what she went through couldn't be compared; they were gradually introduced to everything. She'd been thrown in at the deep end instead, and they couldn't blame her for feeling that way. Vorden, on the other hand, believed she had been a little quieter than normal for some reason.
Aside from what she had just mentioned as they were ready to leave the classroom, she had not spoken or asked anything about what they intended to do.
As the boys were ready to leave the class, Silver decided to warn Borden by stopping and calling out to him.
"I just wanted to give you a heads-up for what you did earlier." Silver said. "The guy you stopped before is one of the head teacher's favorite students, and he has a connection to the first family. Normally, I'd say there's nothing to worry about, but because you're in the tenth family, even if they do target you, you don't have much protection."
"I assure you that while I'm around, he won't do anything to injure you. You defended my family, therefore I will defend you. But I can't keep a constant watch on you. For today, I would advise you to return to your room." Silver replied as she returned to her classroom.
Vorden realized it was important that they should not cause any issue after listening to Silver's suggestions. They were in more danger than anybody else. If he got into a battle with a vampire, he couldn't envision not taking a hit, and taking a hit implies spilling blood. revealing his true identity to everyone
He didn't want to get engaged in anything at the time, but his body was moving before he realized it.
"Just go." Logan said. "No one is after me, so I'll be fine. Besides, I'm more careful than any of you, anyway. I'll try to get some information about what happened to Fex and try to find out more about the tenths."
With that, the three of them had split up, but would soon join each other again.
Spreading his little spiders out, and heading to the library himself, Logan tried to gather as much information from as many different sources as possible. After a few hours of research, from gossip, books and some old articles on the computer system, Logan was starting to get an idea of the structure of the place.
Before returning to his room, he decided he would stop by Vorden's first.
"There are a few things I found out, I thought you would want to hear." Logan said, stepping inside the room. The room wasn't the same size as Logan was used to. But it was a similar size to the standard military rooms apart from there only being one bed and no one required to share. The decorations were also a little darker, to say the least. The floors were made of dark wood, while the bedpost and frames had twirls on the post. Giving it a Victorian fancy feeling.
"Shouldn't we tell Cia this as well?" Vorden said.
"I assume she has too much on her mind. Besides, she's not really interested in helping Fex out and Peter, anyway." Logan replied. "She's only here because of Layla in the first place."
"First, the school building is split up into four campuses, this one that we are in which is for the vampires, then the other three for the vampire subclasses. Category A, are those closely related to vampires, Category B, the undead, and Category C, those strong at magical abilities. Right now Layla should be at Campus C. It looks like she will be safe there for now so we have nothing to worry about." Logan explained.
"There are a total of fifteen castles all together. There is the main castle which is the largest one in the centre. This castle is where the so-called vampire king resides. Then there are seven castles on either side of it. These castles belong to the so-called Vampire leaders. If you remember, when everyone was introducing themselves everyone said a number. This is what it's related to. They all work for the Vampire king. Also, each family seems to have a special ability that only that family knows. An example of this is Fex's string ability belonging to the thirteenth family."
"Wait a minute." Vorden said. "But I didn't hear anyone say a number above thirteen?"
"This was what got me a bit confused as well." Logan replied. "The only information I could find was that two of the castles seem to be practically empty and completely abandoned. One of these is castle number ten. We now know why, thanks to Fred, it's due to the leader who had gone missing. And then there is the fourteenth castle. Unfortunately, it seemed like I could find nothing about this castle."
"Those who are linked by blood or who are connected reside within the castle. Aside from direct offspring, no one inside them is weaker than a vampire noble. All of these people understand how to employ the vampire abilities. On top of that, there are a hundred more people who have the talent but aren't linked through blood. They don't reside far from the castle."
"Each vampire family has a total of 1500 people. The rest of the vampires, who knew the structure of the vampires, were beginning to frighten Vorden. Who knew how powerful the vampire leaders or the vampires within the castle were. don't belong to the two groups mentioned above, live all over the city. Most of them don't ever learn an ability with hopes of one day being promoted and moving up to the top one hundred within their family."
Knowing the structure of the vampires was starting to scare Vorden a little. Who knew how strong the vampire leaders or the vampires inside the castle were.
"So if Fex is a part of the thirteenth family, then most likely he's in the castle at the moment. Maybe Peter as well?" Vorden asked. Thinking about the possibility that they would have to fight around fifty vampires to get Peter and Fex out of there.
"This information was almost impossible to find. It seems like everyone knows about Fex but at the same time doesn't. They just know he had done a bad deed worthy of an execution, and as for Peter, nobody knows anything. If I was to take a guess, I would say they have them both at the thirteenth castle, but we can't move until we get more information.
"Perhaps as time passes, more information will become available. I'll keep one of my spiders in each room and watch what happens."
The day had come to an end, and the three attempted to sleep as best they could, but it was practically impossible. Vorden was beginning to believe that the entire rescue attempt was a catastrophe. Quinn is strong, but he couldn't possibly stand up to all the vampires. It didn't seem like a logical thing to do. They had previously carried out several operations against major players such as Trudream and throughout the event, but this looked to be on an entirely new level.
Cia, on the other hand, was beginning to believe that a vampire had erased her memories, and the only vampire she knew of that was seemingly close to her at the time was Quinn. She needed answers, and she needed them quickly.
****