Quinn first assumed that when the weird aquatic creature was slain, it was for petty retribution. But after observing it for a little longer, he began to suspect that there was more to it than that.
He knew he was going to murder the rabbit now that he had received his new mission, although it had done nothing to him. Normally, he would not do such a thing, even to creatures. Almost 99% of monsters were hostile to humans for whatever reason, but there were a few expectations. But desperate times require desperate measures. 
He would kill 1000 black bunnies without hesitation if it meant getting stronger so he could save his buddies. Still, it appeared as if the Black rabbit was acting strangely. It began to go downstream, following the river, while the army of rabbits trailed after it.
Occasionally, it would come to a halt, and it appeared as though the rabbits following it were slowing down and dispersing to do their own thing.
Whenever this happened, the black rabbit would start screeching again, emitting high-pitched noises, and the white rabbits would get back in line and continue to follow the black leader. It was difficult to discern if it was a skill or if they were simply responding to the leader.
The most peculiar aspect of these animals, though, was Quinn's inability to determine whether they were monsters or not. There was no such beast ranking when he used his 
examine
 skill. The same was for the wendigo-like animals.
"It's because they are ‘familiars’ and not beasts." The System replied. "The vampire world is deeply connected with the familiar's world and often opens up rifts sending them into ours. Just as not all vampires can have familiars, not all familiars can form contracts either. As you can see, that black rabbit is a little special. We still do not know what allows them to evolve."
Quinn was uninterested in learning about this material, even though it was intriguing to him. The main reason he was wary was because he couldn't tell how powerful the white and black bunnies were. After following them for a bit, he noticed that they had ultimately arrived near the defeated beast.
It was obstructed by a strange-looking dam built of trees. Although the water could continue to flow, the unusual tree-made barrier was capable of catching other items.
The rabbits then hopped along with the trees, and the black rabbit arrived at the creature, who was doing something Quinn couldn't fully see because it wasn't very clear. After a few seconds, there was a beast crystal within the black rabbit's mouth, and it was a clear one, which led Quinn to believe that the beast they had slain was of the intermediate level.
If he had to estimate, having the ability to control the other rabbits, in addition to using his unusual lighting horn, would place the rabbit somewhere around the advanced level.
He wasn't positive, but having this new information made him feel a lot more secure about meeting the creature. He proceeded to follow the rabbit, curious as to what it would do with the crystal. They crossed the dam and kept a considerable distance away from it; Quinn eventually crossed it alone.
Following them through the woodland, it looked like they had exited the forest and reached a new location. Nonetheless, he made a point of being aware of where he was and where the city was. This region was covered in unusual stones, the flooring had changed to a pebble-like texture, and there were several enormous boulders. The rabbits had entered a cave after finally reaching what appeared to be a fairly massive rock wall.
"Perfect!" Quinn thought. Not only would he find out why and where they had taken the beast crystal, but also quite possibly this was their home base.
Quinn peered inside the cave from the side and noticed that it didn't go very deep and that there didn't appear to be any routes. What surprised him was the sheer amount of sparkling crystals he could see. In the rear, there was a mound of beast crystals, and the black rabbit had deposited the current crystal in his mouth on top of the mound.
"There must be about a hundred and fifty crystals in there." Most of them looked to be at the intermediate level, but it was hard to tell if there was anything higher due to them all being piled on top of each other.
With only one entry and exit, the rabbits were confined, and this gold mine might have been all his. Quinn was prepared when he entered the cave and saw all the rabbits. He opened his hand, refusing to give them a chance.
[Blood spray]
His palm flew back slightly, and a shotgun-like spray of Blood hit the majority of the white rabbits, while the black rabbit hopped over behind the crystal pile. Some of the crystals shattered and landed on the cave wall, but beast crystals were as strong as diamonds and difficult to break. They melted at extremely high temperatures.
[First White horned rabbit killed. 200 exp Gained]
[White horned rabbit killed  100 exp gained]
[White horned rabbit killed 100 exp gained ]
[White….]
The messages had appeared at least twenty times, giving him a good chunk of exp.
[35090/51200 experience points]
Still, it wasn't enough and if he wanted to do anything, he would need to kill the black rabbit. Suddenly though, as Quinn went to move forward, a blue stream of lightning had come out, and at the last second, he managed to move his head, allowing the attack to singe off a small part of his hair.
The attack was incredibly fast, and it seemed like even if he was to use his shadow as a type of defense, then it wouldn't be fast enough to block the attack.
Quinn lifted his hand, performing a Blood swipe, despite not being able to see the bunny completely. Five lines of crimson aura were emitted by the assault. Even though he couldn't see where the rabbit was, he could either draw it out or hit it, wounding it.
But suddenly he noticed a little black bolt rushing towards him, and in the next second, it had already passed him.
'How fast is that thing!' Quinn thought, but he knew for sure now he could kill it. It appeared to be a creature that mainly focused on speed, and the fact it was running away from him when it didn't run away from the other beasts, could quite possibly mean it knew it wasn't strong enough to go against Quinn.
He chose to leave the crystals behind, deciding that leveling up was more essential than a bunch of crystals, and he immediately chased the black rabbit.
[Wind walk] Using his boots skill, as long as he wasn't hit during the active skill, he would be able to run around ten percent faster. Now that his speed was far greater than before, the effects of the boots were too. With this, he was able to keep up with the black bunny.
With a closer look, he could see sparks of lightning flying from its paws as they landed on the ground. It's possible that the energy used to assault was now being utilized to power its legs. He chased it till they reached the same section of the forest they had been in previously, but he realized it was futile. Their speeds were the same right now, thus their distance would be the same as well.
[Crescent kick] Quinn activated as he lifted his legs, sending out an attack far ahead. Performing the attack slowed him down slightly, but he was hoping it would affect the rabbit far worse. The crescent kick was performed at a slight diagonal angle, hitting one of the large trees in front of both him and the rabbit. When it did so, the tree slid down and now stood in the rabbit's path.
The rabbit knew it could try to go around, but its trunk was far too thick for it to hop over it, and Quinn was now upon it.
[Blood swipe]
Quinn performed it two times, surrounding it, and he was ready for his level up that was in sight.
The Rabbit had accepted its fate and squinted its eyes, but then from behind the tree, a figure appeared in front of the rabbit.
"Blood wall." A thick red wall of aura had come up, and as Quinn's attack had hit, he had expected them to smash. Instead, though, it looked as if the blood wipe was pushing back the blood wall.
Unsure of what was going to happen, the person grabbed the black rabbit and leaped to the side just in time. The blood swipes had breached the blood wall and went forward towards the rear of the tree.
"Why the hell are you attacking my familiar?" The person shouted.
*****