The others had to take another look at what they were seeing in front of them, and they even massaged their eyes a few times, but the scene in front of them remained the same. In some ways, the others regarded Siryus as a nightmare. He wasn't quite a bully, but because of his position, he could throw his weight around without getting in trouble. He was granted rights that the others did not, even though they were all direct descendants.
And now, with a single word, a vampire they'd never seen or heard of before had made him obey him. It wasn't so much that this was hard to achieve as it was that another regular vampire had done it. Every vampire here, in their thoughts, was at the pinnacle, the greatest of the best, on the verge of breaking through and advancing to the next stage. Siryus, on the other hand, was closer than any of them right now.
In a way, the scene they were watching in front of them should not be happening in any normal circumstance.
Sitting down on his knees, Siryus's face was in a constant struggle, as if it was battling against something inside him.
'What is this, why can't I move?' Siryus thought to himself as he tried lifting his legs off the ground, when he looked up, all he could see were the red rings around Quinn's eyes.
'Is it because of this nobody, is he using his influence skill?'
As they stood on the sidelines, the kids began to wonder who this mystery vampire was. Yes, they didn't mix or communicate with each other because they were from different households, but if there was someone this powerful, they should have heard about him. After all, word got around.
"Do you know his name?" One asked.
"No, but I did see him hanging around with Rokene earlier. Maybe they are from the same family?"
"Yeah right, the fourth, Dream on, but you are right, what family is he from?"
Too filled with emotions about what he was doing right now, Quinn wasn't paying attention to the words that were being said behind him. What he did not want to do was to stand out, and that was the very thing he was doing now. Still, he wasn't entirely sure if his influence skill would work, but after Silver had done it to him, it was something he wanted to try out.
"Now explain," Quinn said with his eyes still glowing red. "Did you kill Rokene's Familier?"
Once again, no amount of fighting back was helping Siryus. He couldn't even resist, this had gone way beyond what any normal vampire could do.
"Yes, when we saw the black rabbit after noticing it belonged to Rokene, we decided to follow it, and then we saw the crystal it was holding. The others trapped it while I killed it." Siryus answered.
"Now, tell me why you did it," Quinn asked while looking at Rokene behind him. By this point, Quinn had a good idea why people chose to do certain things and he wanted Rokene to hear it, to gain confidence in himself.
"Because I was jealous," Siryus replied.
Hearing the first words, Rokene couldn't believe it. Why would Siryus need to be jealous of him? He was the best descendant, well known by everyone, while everyone else treated him like crap.
"I saw the way Instructor Clark praised him, how easy he was able to control and talk to his familiar. I didn't understand how he could easily do something that I couldn't."
With the answer to everything said and done and the proof they needed, Quinn canceled his influence skill and turned to look at Rokene with a smile on his face.
'Did he do that for me… but why, we barely even know each other.' As he thought about these things, a lump was felt forming in his throat and he felt like his heart was truly touched. A tear started to roll off his cheek and onto the floor. Now Rokene was hating himself for his previous thoughts. There were many times when he wanted someone to help him, but they never, ever came.
Then, even though they didn't know one other very well, the person he had spoken negatively of, behind his back, the one he assumed was just like the rest, had helped him out. The fact that he had judged Buinn so quickly without knowing him had upset him the most.
Now that Siryus had complete control over his body, he was filled with rage, and Quinn's back was turned. There was a simple way for one to block the influence skill in the first place, and that was to not look directly in their eyes.
"You little twerp!" Siryus shouted as he jumped off his two feet and propelled himself off of the ground. He had used so much force that the mud and grass beneath his feet had been kicked up.
To everyone else, the speed they saw him leap from the ground was something that some of them could only dream of, but for Quinn, he could hear sense and tell every movement as soon as he started.
'Should I dodge the attack, or maybe just let him hit me?' While thinking about what to do to not make him stand out so much he could sense something else happening and realized, there was no need for him to do anything.
Siryus fist had been stopped, and instructor Clark held it in his hand. "While I am here, there will be no fighting between my students unless I say so. All of you go back to your tents and get some sleep. As for you two, come with me and explain what happened."
"But sir, it wasn't Buinn's fault, it was all because of Siryus!" Rokene tried to explain.
'So the student's name is Buinn huh.' Clark thought as he took the students away and ordered the rest to go to sleep.
When they arrived, he had both of them tell their sides of the story, letting Siryus go first, but Siryus had mentioned nothing about Quinn using the influence skill on him due to embarrassment, but said that they had accused him of some wrongdoings he was a part of.
When Quinn told his side, he also chose to not mention the influence skill being used, and just explained how he was helping Rokene get to the truth. In the end, Clark felt like he had heard enough. It seemed like the only person that was hurt by this was Rokene. He took the crystal from Siryus and kept it to himself, while telling the two of them to return to their rooms, reminding them to not get in any more trouble.
Clark looked at the name list again after the two of them had left the room, seeking the student known as Buinn, who was the only one who wasn't on the list. He sat back in his chair and thought about what to do for a bit.
In truth, something like this would have usually been reported. Although only decedents and family leaders were allowed familiars, it wasn't such a big deal if another vampire had one. There were times when out that a familiar would become attached to a certain vampire, and they couldn't exactly say it was their fault.
But because Buinn wasn't on the list, there was a chance he wasn't a direct descendant. If this was the case, he would very certainly be thrown off the present course. This was why Clark was having so much difficulty deciding what to do. He adored almost everything about familiars, which was why he had built his whole course around them. He'd never seen a Boneclaw before and had only heard about them.
It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for him to find out what one looked like and he wanted to see Buinn grow. Why did the Boneclaw choose him, interested him greatly, so for now, he would allow him to stay.
****