The training at the descendent camp lasted a week. Quinn continued to learn everything he could about families and participated in the courses as much as he could at that period. On top of that, he made every effort to learn whatever he could about Fex. Several persons appeared to have known him well and knew who he was.
Even those who didn't know him understood he'd done something wrong. The notion that he would be severely punished had spread, but the others weren't sure what he had done or what he would get as a penalty.
As for the familiar training he had taken part in, the other students had learned quickly. All of them could now summon their familiars at least, as for controlling them or learning what special abilities they had. It was a hit or miss. Still, there was one student who had never succeeded in a summoning during the whole time, and that was Quinn.
Apart from that first day, he never saw the Boneclaw in his head again, and it appeared to him that it no longer wanted to speak or aid him. Perhaps the others laughed or mocked him for something like this, but after what happened to Siryus, he and the others made a point of avoiding Quinn.
Except for Rokene. Rokene had a tremendous desire to assist Quinn in any way he could ever since that day. He tried to offer him pointers and advice on how to communicate and converse with your familiar, but nothing worked. Despite this, the two of them had become closer in a short time, since they were the only ones that continued to hang out with one other.
Today Clark had told everyone he had a special announcement to make in a few minutes. They were told to pack their items and to meet him out front of the large tent. Although Quinn would be turning up for this, he had already decided it would be his last day before he wasted his time here. He had made no progress with his familiar and he wasn't getting any exp, so it felt like he was only wasting his time.
He had yet to tell Rokene about this and decided it was best not to, anyway.
Inside one of the tents, Siyrus was standing up. Pacing up and down in the small space. He often did this as he was anxious about something. The events of that night had affected his mind, and he just wished to purge that memory, but it was impossible every time he looked at Quinn.
A shiver would be sent down his spine, and the image of the red glowing eyes would pop into his head, how he had become so helpless and weak at the time.
The zipper to his tent was unzipped and the two boys that were usually by his sidestepped into the tent.
"Anything?" Siyrus asked.
"It's the same today." One of the boys replied. "Not one person knows what family he belongs to. They all said, they had never seen him before, around the castle or the nearby area. That leaves a few options. He belongs to the fourth family-like Rokene and that's why they are so close. The thirteenth family had a secret descendent apart from Silver and Fex that no one knew about, or finally, the most unlikely of the three. He is a descendant of the tenth family, but that wouldn't make much sense unless the rumors about the leader coming back were true."
The boys didn't for a second think of the fact that Quinn might have been an outsider or not even one of the descendants from the thirteen families. They thought he was so powerful, that he had to be one of them.
"Well, if my guess is right about why Clark called us today, then there might be a chance for us to do something then."
A few minutes later, all of the students had gathered outside and stood in front of the large tent, standing in two rows. It had been a while since they had done this and been so formal, and the last time was during the first day, so they were a little nervous about what Clark was going to say.
"Okay, everyone." Clark started to speak. "Although it has only been a week and we still have plenty of time left, honestly there isn't much else for me to teach you about familiars. With everything I have already taught you, you should now have a stable foundation to continue to grow and control that.
"You guys are fast learners, while there are rumors of this current generation of vampires being the worst we have ever had, I would not include you in that bunch. You are probably one of the best bunch of vampires that I have taught."
"Wait, aren't we the only vampires he has ever taught, it's his first time right?" A girl whispered, realizing that his words didn't hold that much weight.
"Anyway." Clark continued, ignoring the words of the others. "Because of this, I sent in a special request and the council has agreed to push things forward for all of you. Today you will all be taking part in the vampire assessment. Due to your status, you will take this earlier than the regular vampires. You are stronger and closer to the evolution point than them.
"The task is a simple one, everyone here will be transported to a different planet, on this planet, there are advanced tier beasts called Death bats. You must kill ten of them each and bring back the crystal within.  The crystals will be used to make your first light ring, which will be proof that you have passed the assessment.
"Don't worry if you fail the task, your life is more important than anything. From this point onward you will be allowed to take the assessment whenever you wish." Then, pulling out one of the square teleporters from behind, it was placed on the floor.
The contraption sprung open, and a square portal had been opened.
If Quinn recalls properly, the Death bat crystals mentioned were the ones required to make the light ring in his inventory, and they were the only species found on a planet he had previously visited. It was his first encounter with a red portal world.
Although he planned to leave, he was now having second thoughts. One, he never expected to be asked to go to another planet right now. He had planned to leave in the middle of the night after today. But it looked like they would all be transported soon.
As for the second reason, Quinn thought it would be good if he fought against the Death bats, he should be more than strong enough to take them and he should also get the first exp after killing the bats. Also, after giving away his ring, making a new one would be helpful for when he returned to the earth.
Because of these reasons, he decided he would go along.
"Okay, is everyone ready?" Clark asked.
The others looked nervous while some looked excited. They had been waiting for this for a long time now. As for Rokene, who was standing next to Quinn, his knees were shaking, and it looked like he would collapse at any moment now.
"Hey Buinn, you'll stay with me right, after all, if we take them on together this can be easy for both of us. Who knows, maybe I can talk to the beast and ask them to let us kill them." Rokene said.
Hearing this, Quinn just smiled back and nodded. He didn't care as long as he got his exp, and if he was to level up and start the evolving process on the planet, it wouldn't be so strange. Since all the vampires around him were at the breaking point.
Finally, students started to enter the portal one by one, and eventually, Quinn and Rokene did too. After all the students had entered, Clark himself was the last one to follow them. "Buinn, time to find out who you are." He said jumping through the portal.
****