A week or so had passed since Logan, Vorden and Cia had joined the regular vampire classes. So far with their teacher Silver, they had gone through some interesting things. The first problem they often faced was that the students were given blood at the canteen to consume two days a week.
They were able to escape drinking the blood packs by either stating they were keeping them for later or handing them to someone else, and even pretending to consume the beverages. This only served to remind Vorden of how foolish he had been on the first day after consuming the blood. There were several things he might have done to prevent this dilemma, and he was typically quick on his feet when thinking about such things. The difficulty was that the setting was so different from what he was used to that he was impacted and couldn't think clearly.
The lessons they had to attend were the next set of issues they had to deal with. The theoretical lectures were intriguing, and Silver was fortunate to begin at the beginning. As a result, they were able to learn about the vampire pool, the thirteen families, the vampire king, and what they all did.
Still, nothing was revealed about the tenth family or their history. There was no history lesson about the vampires' past, as if it was something they wanted to forget, and nothing about the extra empty castle on the other side was mentioned. Logan discovered that none of the other vampire youngsters understood what the castle was used for while he was trying to acquire information.
The issue arose when they were required to participate in physical exercise classes. One of the first was mastering the blood swipe skill. Of course, the others couldn't and would never be able to do so because they weren't vampires. They would try to emulate the others by flailing their arms and then feigning rage when that didn't succeed.
Of course, the other vampires laughed and mocked them, but it wasn't a huge problem because they were from the tenth family. As Logan had feared, the fact that they belonged to the tenth family was a blessing in disguise. Although they were derided and teased as such, they were not attacked or punched just for being weaker, as they had been at their previous school.
As for Xander, just as Silver had said, she was looking out for Logan and the students that belonged to the thirteenth. Xander didn't get the chance to mess with Vorden.
A few of the other vampire classes continued like this and they managed to get by the physical ones without much trouble. All they had to do was try to imitate the others but they were all starting to wonder how much longer they could stay there. It was okay to be like this for the first week. But it would only be a matter of time before they were caught. There was no further information on Fex, it seemed. It was best if they could get out of there.
"Our practical lesson today will be a little different than normal." Silver stated this while standing at the front of the class. "We'll be undertaking what's known as joint exercises with the other schools." You won't always have another vampire at your side when fighting or in peril. There are also people in the subcategories who can assist you.
"There are different subclasses even within the categories so you must know what each of them do and how they act. So today, we will be going to do some joint exercises with the C campus on the outside front field."
"YES!" Cia shouted out of happiness, the others around her looked at her for a second, before she slowly looked around and started to sit back down in her seat. If it was any other situation she would have been embarrassed but she didn't care. She was over the moon that she would be seeing Layla again.
Her mind had been feeling worse lately than it had before, especially since she had been thinking about the fact that the people who had brought her to this world were the ones who might have removed her memories in the first place, but if anyone could tell her the truth, she thought she would be able to reach out to Layla.
'It might be a good time to talk to her to see if she has found anything out.' Logan thought, 'And try to find a way out from here. Quinn should have escaped from that mountain a while ago. He tried to contact us using the mask but it looks like we missed it.'
With the explanation done, three classes each from the vampire side were sent to stand in front of the different campuses. For today two classes would head to work with Category A, then two classes sent for category B, and the final two classes sent to work with category C.
When they arrived outside, it looked like their class was doing activities with an old friend. As Vordens eyes and Xander's eyes managed to meet each other.
'He's still upset over this little thing, what's with people holding grudges?' Vorden thought.
'Ha, ha,' Raten started Laughing hysterically. 'Like you're one to talk.'
Silver and Paul met up and quickly shook hands as the class would begin, and Paul was left to do the explaining.
"So first, as you can see there are an even amount of Vampires to subclasses of the C class, so what I will want you to do in a moment is, get into pairs with each other. I want the two of you to get to know each other. Explain your abilities, your strengths, weaknesses, and things you have learned over the past week." Paul said. "Once we have passed this stage, we will move on to the next. So, please go ahead and find your partner."
There was an immediate rush from the thirsty vampires to go ahead and approach the girls from the Sub C courses. Some of them already knew who they wanted to work with, while others preferred to stick with individuals they knew and were related to.
As for Cia, the whole time she only had one person in her sight. As soon as they were allowed to move, she was ready to sprint over to Layla. However, the second they were allowed to pair up, a loud of black figures in her eyesight had gone flying past her and stopped directly where Layla was. They surrounded her and it looked like Cia was unable to even barge in.
"Please be my partner!" One of the boys said.
"I'm the strongest vampire in my class. I think we will make a great couple…I mean partner." Another fumbled over their words.
Logan was approached by a weird big-eyed tanned brown female with bushy hair who said nothing. She then simply placed her hand in his and remained still.
For some reason, Logan preferred it this way, there was no communication and no hassle. Someone out of the blue had chosen to be with him.
Vorden, on the other hand, could see everything that was going on; all they needed to do was convince one of them to pair up with Layla so they could gain additional information. He could see Cia fighting to get past the wall of boys, so he decided to head over, but not before Amy, the blonde girl, blocked his route.
"Where are you going bad boy?" She said. "You're staying with me." Her tail flicked fast in the wind, but she noticed his eyes were never looking at her for even a second but was looking past her at Layla.
'What a lucky girl to have such a caring boy.' She thought.
"Move out of the way." A voice said from behind the crowd, most of the boys chose to ignore it continuing to try and persuade Layla, but one of them at the very back had turned and could see who it was.
"Hey." The boy whispered. "Let's go it's Xander."
Once they found out who had told them to go away, the boys decided to split up and leave. Seeing this and ignoring what was going on, Cia felt like it was her chance and she immediately started running towards Layla. Hearing the sound of footsteps Xander turned around and looked Cia straight in the eye.
"Stay!" He shouted, and immediately her whole body was frozen, she felt like she couldn't move.
'What is this? Argh, my head. What's wrong, why does it hurt so much?' Even though she was in pain and wanted to move she couldn't even lift her hand to place it on her aching head.
"Do you remember me?" Xander said walking towards Layla. "I want you to be my partner, as you can see it looks like you have no other choice." He said with a creepy smile.
Layla wanted to use her spiritual chains there and then once again but honestly, he had done nothing wrong and it looked like the others had already gotten partners.
'He wouldn't be able to do anything while the teachers are here right ?' She thought as she felt like she had no choice but to accept.
"I want to be her partner." A voice said, and turning his head Xander could see Vorden walking towards him.
"Again, do you people never learn? Stay!" He shouted.
But, not even for a brief second, did Xander's influence skill work on Vorden as he continued to walk forward.
****