The evolution process had begun, as it had in the past, and a shooting agony ran through Quinn's body. He couldn't move at the time owing to his stamina troubles, and it was becoming worse as a powerful sensation spread throughout his body. All of his muscles were stiff and constricted. His body was so tense that it felt as if his own muscles were attempting to choke him.
'Damn, this is bad!' Quinn thought. If a beast was to come now, there would be no chance he could fight back. He would be killed in the middle of the evolving process.
His body continued to spasm, and Quinn tried to focus his mind to concentrate. Perhaps he could use the meditating method he did for his Qi. However, he soon found out that it was almost impossible for him to focus on the amount of pain he was going through.
This evolution was three times worse than the previous ones, and it didn't seem to be getting better any time soon. The agony seemed to worsen as the seconds passed. Seconds seemed like minutes, and minutes felt like hours.
"Quinn, you need blood now!" The system shouted in a worried voice. "The fight took too much from you, and maybe you could have used your blond bank, but it's empty. If you don't consume blood to help with the evolution process. There is a good chance your body could resort to self-cannibalism. Slowly eating every part of you away, until you shrivel up to ashes."
'But… I… Can't… Even… move… How am I meant to get blood!?' Quinn thought desperately, as he slowly managed to dig one hand into the ground and pulled himself, dragging his body across the floor. Moving at a snail's pace, he felt like it was hopeless. He slightly turned his head and could see Clark on the ground a few meters away on the floor as well.
He wasn't moving but was pretty sure he was still alive. Using the inspection skill, he had confirmed he was only unconscious. There was a good chance that Clark had a stash, or a base of some sorts where he could get blood, or at least a teleporter to head back to the vampire world.
He tried his best to shout out to Clark, but it seemed like now the muscle spasms had gotten to around his neck and throat. His diaphragm also wasn't working well, making it harder for him to breathe or say anything.
"Buinn!" A voice shouted out. "Sorry, I mean, Quinn, are you okay?"
Looking up, Quinn could see Rokene's small body standing above him while his Rabbit stayed on top of his head. He tried once again to desperately say that he needed blood and he needed it soon, but the words just wouldn't come out.
Rokene started to look around and he soon could see instructor Clark on the floor. He didn't quite know what happened, but rushed over once he saw the strange shadow dome start to disappear. Still, he wasn't a fool. Instructor Clark had come for one reason, because of the dead students.
But he couldn't believe what he was witnessing, if Clark had come to try to prosecute Quinn for his wrongdoings. Did the two of them get into a fight? If that's the case, Quinn was able to defeat him, but the end outcome was weird.
Suddenly, a few coughs were heard from behind, followed by a few spits to the ground. Turning his head back, which was still difficult for Quinn, he was shocked to discover Clark had recovered awareness, but he was still in no condition to move freely, which was a little sigh of relief for Rokene.
For a brief period, he considered engaging in battle with the teacher to defend Quinn.
Turning his head to the side, Clark could see the distress Quinn was in, as he was clawing at the ground, and his abs and body tensing up.
'He wasn't that injured, what's happening to him?' Clark thought. 'Could it be, is he going through an evolution now, right after our fight?'
He slowly tried to lift his hand, but it was useless. Although he wouldn't die from such wounds, it would take him a long time to heal without any blood and with no other vampires around, if a death bat was to come to their location he would be dead.
"Teacher, please, I don't know what happened but tell me how can I help him," Rokene asked with a desperate plea, knowing that the person responsible for everything might have been the very person he was trying to save. "I promise, if you tell me what to do, I'll come to help you as well."
Clark kept looking at Quinn, struggling. The cries and his already ripped fingernails and tips indicated that the anguish was becoming greater. Normally, some vampires could get by without needing blood, but after the struggle the two of them had, it was evident he wouldn't make it.
"Head northeast for five hundred meters, or so, and you should come across a strange hill. Inside there is a cave. There is then a door made of glathrium, the passcode is 128362. Inside, there are packs of blood that are kept on this planet just in case of any emergencies that were to happen. Bring the blood back to him as fast as possible. The quicker you are, the more chance he will have to live." Clark explained.
Leaving the rabbit behind for the protection of the two, Rokene sprinted off in the direction that he was told, looking for the said items. While doing so he would repeat the numbers in his head over and over again. The good news was the base didn't seem to be too far away, so if there was any need for desperate attention, Rokene could come back quickly.
Clark kept glancing at Quinn by his side, wondering if aiding the child who had nearly beaten him was the proper thing to do. But, in reality, Clark had a particular bond with his familiar. He had sent it out to check over Quinn at the outset of the evaluation. He was able to see and hear everything that transpired because of his connection.
He knew it wasn't Quinn's fault, and if he was to judge correctly, it looked like the strange Boneclaw had acted out of its actions, yet in their fight for some reason, it hadn't. On top of this, there would have been a slight gap between evolution and the end of their fight, a chance for him to have been killed.
'The punishers, are you a part of them, and have they returned?' Clark thought. If so, then this is even bigger news than the tenth family getting a suspected leader.
It only took a few moments but, Rokene was able to return with two blood packs that were held in his hand. He had brought one for Quinn, and one for Clark. One of the blood packs was placed down near the black rabbit away from Clark.
While Rokene Quickly went over to Quinn's side. He pierced the bag with his fingertip, and blood started to spill everywhere, but he didn't care about this for now. Rapidly pouring the blood back over Quinn's body, he managed to get most of it in his mouth, but not without causing a mess over his body.
"Please work!" Rokene started to pray to himself, as all of the blood was now gone from the single blood pack.
Quite quickly, results could be seen as the strain on Quinn's body and face started to lessen. The tight grip on his fists started to relax, and the groans came to a halt. Finally, Quinn felt like he was regaining control of his body, and shortly after everything had come to a stop.
[Evolution process was successful.]
[Congratulations you are now a vampire noble]
[You have received a new quest]
[Become a Vampire leader….]
*****