The long-awaited evolution was finally completed and for a brief second, Quinn didn't even feel like he was in his own body. Everything felt foreign to him, yet at the same time familiar. It was hard to describe as he started to squeeze his fingers into the palm of his hand in and out slowly.
It didn't take long for the foreign feeling to go away, and soon his body started to feel like his own again.
"Did you get taller?" Rokene thought, as he looked and could sense the student in front of him felt different from when he had last seen him. It was as if he was staring at a completely different person from before. The presence Rokene was sensing now was worthy of the power that matched him. The unique smell confirmed it straight away. Quinn wasn't injured or dying, he was in the middle of evolution and right now he was looking at a vampire noble.
A stage that Rokene had been aiming for and trying to reach since he was born. For some reason imagining it, and seeing someone reach the stage in front of him was a completely different feeling.
More than anything, though, Quinn was surprised by the set of notifications that seemed to appear as soon as he had evolved. The first thing that appeared was a new quest, and the ones after seemed to all link to that.
[New quest received: Become a vampire leader!]
The system had told him that when he changed Peter, he had formally started his own family, becoming a vampire leader, but it appeared that there was a lot more to it than that based on the series of quests he had received.
When he chose the quest to become a vampire leader, he was presented with a series of subquests that appeared to be required before he could finish the initial quest.
[Evolve into a Vampire lord: Reach level 40]
This was a significant increase in level compared to prior evolutions, more than doubling, yet it made sense. If Quinn recalls properly, the system said that the vampire knight class was actually just a powerful Vampire noble. A vampire leader would choose two members of their vampire family for these positions. Stranger still, being a vampire Lord did not automatically make Quinn a legitimate vampire leader. The following series of quests verified this.
[Add ten members into the cursed family. Currently 3/10]
[Blood ritual has now been increased, Max 10]
[Select two family members to give them the status of Vampire knight. Vampires must be present and strong enough to receive this role. Additional benefits will be given to those that become a vampire knight.]
Quinn didn't like the thought of turning his friends into vampires only to complete the mission. In addition, he wasn't sure if he wanted to be a vampire leader in the first place. The system didn't specify what would happen once the mission was completed. As for becoming a vampire ruler, he would still seek to do it as quickly as feasible. So far, a leap in evolution has always required him to rely on newly discovered strength.
After reviewing the task, the next step was to examine his stats. When he did so, it appeared that they had all remained the same, but he was quite certain, based on the energy around his body, that consuming more blood would raise his numbers to forty. When he used his powers, he had the impression that his body was about to burst, but he didn't have that feeling right now.
Although he didn't get any stats, he did get a couple of new blood skills.
[Blood wall: A barrier is raised in front of the user, using the user's blood. The wall's strength is dependent on how much blood is being used.]
This was a skill Quinn had seen many vampires perform, and it seemed to have saved them from some devastating attacks. The problem was for Quinn it seemed a bit useless. He always had his shadow as a form of defense, and he liked to use his Blood as a form of attack. It would give him more options, but to him, it didn't make sense to use the blood wall.
What this did do though was give him an idea, perhaps just like how he had combined the earth form of martial arts with the blood swipe to create the crescent kick. And how he had grabbed the blood swipe with his shadow. Maybe there was a way he could infuse the blood wall with his shadow to make an even stronger one.
[Blood bullet: One-fifth of the user's health will be used to create a powerful shot of blood from a finger. The finger will no longer be able to be used until the blood has been replenished.]
The blood bullet seemed to have a hefty penalty, but usually the bigger the penalty the bigger the payoff was as well. Although he wanted to try both of the skills out, now was not the time when he needed every bit of health he could get.
With all these new skills it looked like he would soon increase greatly, and the shadow hop had also helped him out greatly in the fight. It was the shadow skill he had been practicing, before he had entered the vampire world. The ability would allow Quinn to travel from one of his shadows to another.
At first, he thought it was quite useless, as he mainly needed the shadow for defense. He could split the shadow using his shadow control, but then there wouldn't be enough of a surface area for him to protect himself from attacks. But when he found out he could use it with shadow void. Everything started to change.
The gloom He could jump in his own shadow and any portion of the void and appear in a completely another spot because the emptiness itself counted as part of his shadow. Because of this, the black Rabbit remained out of reach of Clark, who was still laying on the floor, with the blood pack on its chest.
"Thank you," Quinn said. Not only had Clark helped him with familiars, but he seemed to have been a good teacher, if possible Quinn would have wanted to avoid a confrontation.
"And thank you as well," Quinn said looking down at Rokene, who still seemed to be star-struck by Quinn ever since he could feel his new presence. "Did you see anything in the base that could get us back to the vampire world? perhaps the square teleporters?"
"Yes!" Rokene answered. "There were quite a few teleporters and blood packs still left inside."
Even though Quinn had told Rokene to go, for some reason he had come back to help him. Quinn couldn't help but think about how great of a kid he was. Without him, he possibly would have been dead. Seeing that he did come back just showed what his true nature was like. Even if he seemed to get angry at everything, he had a heart of gold.
Walking up to Clark, Quinn quickly looked at the bunny and then at him.
"Rokene had nothing to do with any of this, he just wanted to save my life," Quinn explained. "I'm sure you're reasonable enough to know I'm not just saying that. Once I leave this place, I will ask Rokene to allow his familiar to give you the blood pack."
He then turned his head to the three dead students over in different areas. "I'm not a cold-hearted killer, I didn't want for any of this to happen."
With those last words, Quinn started to walk off while Rokene led the way. The rabbit was left behind waiting for instructions from its master, but before they could leave Clark shouted out. "Wait!"
"Please... explain, why you've returned now, of all times," Clark inquired. When he asked this, he was referring to the punishers in general, not Quinn in particular.
Because Quinn didn't understand this, he had interrupted the question differently.
"I don't know what you are talking about," Quinn replied. "The only reason why I'm here is to save someone who shouldn't be dying in the first place."
On a different section of the same planet. Paul, the commander of the second military installation, was not dressed in his regular exotic suit. Instead, he was decked out in his beast armor, accompanied by a hundred soldiers who appeared to have done the same.
"Alright, everyone. Let's move out and explore every inch of this planet!" Paul shouted.
****