Quinn and Rokene began their journey to the cave, with Rokene leading the way. Rokene's new sensation when staring at Quinn was unlike anything he had experienced previously. As a result, they took an awkward and silent stroll together. It's a far cry from their previous encounter.
Somehow, Quinn was able to defeat a vampire knight even though he was only a basic vampire, and now he had evolved he had the potential to get even stronger. But what bothered Rokene, even more, was Quinn's reason for being here. He had heard the words that were spoken to Clark at the time. The fact that he was here to save somebody.
Although the stillness was difficult for Rokene, it was great for Quinn. His mind was racing with ideas about what to do next. He had finally evolved, and he had the potential to get stronger, but the evolution had not resulted in his gaining newfound strength. The only significant change he could feel right now was that his body was stronger.
This meant he'd have less of a disadvantage when using Qi assaults, making his blood attacks even more powerful, but he also didn't have the precise control of Qi over his body to manage the output. Quinn presently saw his power as a switch that could only be turned on and off.
He would release his Qi at full power, or he could have it fairly weak, but there was no in-between.
'Maybe when I see Leo at some point, he can help me out.' Quinn thought.
With no way of managing his Qi, he had to rely on other methods of strengthening himself for the time being. They had finally arrived in the cave, and Rokene entered the code. The door was well concealed; it appeared as though the cave was sealed off by a regular door, and the only clue was the input code machine that was mounted on it.
Most likely, the disguise was only for the planet's monsters. They both stepped into a rather huge lighted up open unoccupied room after entering. Quinn had paused for a split second.
He didn't know why, but the atmosphere and everything reminded him a little of the original room they had entered when first coming here. But once Rokene walked in unharmed and nothing happened, Quinn felt a little safer.
They came across a crate that looked as if it had already been opened. Looking inside, several blood packs could be seen. There had to be around thirty or so different blood packs.
"I believe they saved it in case any of the kids were gravely hurt," Rokene explained. "I got yours and Clark's from them."
While in the specifically designed blood pack to conserve blood, it would only last around a week. It was kept in a cool spot, but it wasn't the same as it had been in the hospital.
Quinn looked at them for a second, before picking one of them up, and piercing it slightly with his finger. He then started to consume the first one on the spot.
"Are you still hungry?" Rokene asked. It wasn't unusual, after all, Quinn had just gone through a draining process, so it made sense if he needed more blood.
The first blood pack was consumed instantly, and the reason for this was mainly so Quinn could restore his blood bank to normal. As for the second reason, the results were not what he had expected.
[A + blood type consumed]
The system had informed him that an A blood type had been eaten, but nothing else. There was no growth in stats at all. While Quinn had already maxed out his points, when consuming a fresh
Instead, he decided to go for another pack. Using his inspection skill, he selected another pack that was in the A category as well. Opening it up just like last time, Rokene couldn't help but look at him confused. This amount of blood was abnormal.
'Is it usual for a vampire to be this hungry after evolving?' But Rokene himself was unsure.
However, the strangest reaction was the fact that Quinn had only consumed a little drop of blood, no more, no less, and a smile had appeared across his face.
The identical message flashed as before, but this time he also got an extra starting point. It appeared as though the requirements for gaining greater strength from new blood had just become more challenging but had not vanished. Knowing this, Quinn opted to proceed by opening each blood bag and drinking it one at a time. After everything was finished, he got maybe a dozen or so more stat points scattered across his stats.
Quinn was no longer afraid of being addicted to the blood. Ever since his Qi had been mixed in, it was a lot easier to control his hunger, and it seemed like the same effect that happened before wouldn't happen again. Even if he could still get an addiction to blood, he would have drunk it all, anyway. Right now, he needed to get stronger.
Looking next to the crate, there were five teleporters. Placing one of them on the floor, Quinn proceeded to open it. They didn't have any passcode on them, and it immediately opened up another portal.
"You think it goes to the vampire world?" Quinn asked.
"I'm pretty sure it does. Especially since there was no type of input code for a destination." Rokene replied. "My guess is these are emergency ones in case anything happens to us."
Closing the teleporter, Quinn then quickly picked it up. He then dropped it, allowing it to fall through the ground. For a second Rokene went into a panic.
'Is he planning to destroy them all, does he not want anyone to come back?' Rokene thought.
But before the teleporter had touched the ground, the shadow had opened up, and it had sunken into Quinn's dimensional space. It turned out that Rokene still had a lot to learn about his new companion.
"Thank you for all the help, but it's best if we depart ways for now," Quinn said. "I don't think Clark will punish you for what you have done. He doesn't seem to be that type of teacher. You can feed him the blood pack if you want and if you bump into him. Just tell him I have already left and gone back to the vampire world."
"Wait… You're not going to the vampire world?" Rokene asked.
"Not yet," Quinn replied, and the next second his whole body became a black blur as he ran full speed and headed off into the wasteland. Not knowing what to do and not wanting Clark to die. Rokene ordered his black rabbit to deliver the blood to his teacher.
"I hope we meet again one day, Quinn," Rokene said, staring at the direction he had run off to.
While roaming the wasteland, Quinn had a chance to try on his new body for the first time. Although his stats hadn't improved, he felt more in sync, more refreshed than ever before, and it didn't take him long to find what he was looking for.
Just like the previous time, we're in the middle of nowhere. One of the death bats had coiled into a ball. Quinn prepped his shadow and threw forth a blood swipe while keeping his distance. He took a stroke with his shadow, becoming his Blood scythe. Then, with all his power, he swung it as hard as he could on the Death bat's wing on a certain mound.
[Flash step]
[Flash step]
Using two flash steps, he closed the distance. Throwing out a normal hammer strike towards the center of its body, he had caused quite a bit of damage. He made sure not to use the blood hammer, because he didn't want to kill the death bat.
Finally, when the death bat was weakened. Quinn grabbed it around its throat tightly. At first, the bat was unable to make any noise, but as he loosened his grip. A loud screeching sound that Quinn was unable to hear was made.
It didn't take long for the sound of several wings flapping to be heard, and while gazing down on the ground, the moonlight shine revealed the shadows of several animals flapping their wings. Looking up, there were around 12 death bats to be seen.
"Perfect," Quinn responded, "let's get this over with."
[Shadow void.]
A massive shadow dome was cast, trapping all of the death bats and Quinn together.
****