Logan's quarters in the vampire academy. Vorden was currently inside, and this time they had also invited Cia. Although the girls' and boys' rooms were frequently divided, there were no rigid prohibitions against visiting or entering each other's rooms. Unlike in the military academy.
Logan had witnessed numerous female and male vampires coming into others' rooms while staying there, and it appeared like they were fairly open about it. When they came out, their clothes would be ruffled and their cheeks flushed with heat, so it was evident what was going on.
'Must be a cultural difference, I guess.' Thought Logan.
Still, the reason they had gathered and asked for Cia to come along as well, was because they wanted to execute the next part of their plan. Moving together was important, even if they couldn't connect with Layla, she was still by far the safest out of all of them.
Honestly, although Cia had come into the room, she didn't want to cooperate with the others until she had learned the truth. But what other choice did she have?
The only certainty she had right now was that she was human in a vampire world, and that the people in front of her were also human. In a way, she was trapped because she couldn't disguise herself as a vampire without Logan's spray. She had her bottle, but how long would it last and what would she do if it ran out? It was easy; if she had been on her own, she would have died, and she was safer among them right now.
"I think maybe we can tell Silver the teacher, why we are here." Logan proposed as he sat down on his bed while the other two were standing.
"You mean, our teacher! Why would you do that? Won't that mean we've been found out?" Cia complained immediately, unaware of what the other two had learned.
Looking at 
Vorden's
 reaction, Logan could tell he had found out the truth as well.
"Cia, I'm sorry that not much has been explained to you but you see, the person we came to rescue is a vampire as well, and it turns out, he is Silver’s brother," Logan explained.
For a moment, Cia remained silent; she didn't know what was really going on or why any of it mattered.
"If they're brother and sister, then why doesn't she try saving him? What makes you think she will help?" Cia asked.
"Judging by her actions yesterday, she is currently very emotional," Logan replied. "The fact that Silver had come to Quinn in the human world in the first place and informed him of what was going to happen to her brother, meant she wanted him to do something. She wanted him to act, and that's what we have done. Maybe if she knows that we have arrived, then she will choose and be able to help us out."
"It's still risky though," Vorden added. "I also agree that there is a good chance she will help, based on her actions, but what if she doesn't and she reports us?"
Logan then quickly formed a robotic type gauntlet with the spiders in his hand, then soon after he displayed a holographic screen from it in front of them all. When the others looked at it, all they could see were times and events. It looked like it was the school timetable.
"I think we have run out of time and no longer have any choice," Logan replied. "This is the school timetable for the next week, and can you see what one of the lessons is?"
Looking at the timetable, they looked at all of them carefully until Vorden spotted the troublesome lesson that would soon be coming up. "Sparring matches.." Vorden said.
"Although we are powerful and may be able to combat the vampires, I doubt we would be able to do it without letting any of our blood be spilled," Logan stated. "Furthermore, Xander is more likely than ever after your blood, and I've heard he's a really good student. We also don't have the option of quitting abruptly. If we leave, they will notice and hunt us, alerting them to the fact that something is wrong. The only moment we can act, or the safest time to intervene, is when we have enough knowledge and Quinn is present, or if that does not occur during the execution."
"So you're gambling on the fact that it's more likely that Silver will help us once she finds out our reason for being here," Vorden replied. "Or at least will get us out of the current sparing predicament."
Getting up from the bed, Logan then proceeded to open up a small latch, in his strange glove, around the area of his forearm. Inside, there were the red blood pills that had been obtained from the trials when they had first arrived.
"Take them," Logan said, giving them to Vorden. "Without all my equipment, I have not been able to do a full check, but I'm 90 percent sure that they won't harm you in any way. Although I am unsure if it will have the effect that Quinn had said, there may be a time when you need them. For me, it's useless, since I don't fight using my strength and speed, and Cia is a support type who is naturally weak, so if they do have an effect, it's best if you take them for now."
Looking at the blood pills, Vorden put them away in his trouser pocket, tying the flap down. If he could, he would avoid using them, 90 percent still meant there was a 10 percent chance something bad could happen, and it was better for him if he didn't take that type of risk.
"What about the green injections, didn't Quinn say that would give us a boost as well?" Vorden asked.
"That…" Logan paused for a while. "I was unable to assess what that was. I think it's best if we avoid that at all costs."
The day had come to an end, and the three of them did their hardest to get a good night's sleep. The next day, they returned to their classes. Silver had, as predicted, showed them the week's plan, which included a sparring session. Logan, of course, had already obtained this information from the school's system.
He had intended to go earlier and believed it wouldn't be an issue, but there was still no sign of Quinn anywhere, so they had waited at the school for longer than they had anticipated. For them, though, this just proved in their minds that asking Silver was the best option.
When the class ended, the three of them departed the room as if nothing had happened that day, and Silver was at her desk when everyone else left. She was looking forward, blankly. There was a stack of paperwork on her desk, but her mind was always racing with ideas and distractions about what she should accomplish. As the execution date approached, she saw ideas and plans run through her mind about how she might save her brother.
'Why father... are you going to let Fex die like that?'
Silver was a little upset that her father had seemed to ignore the fact altogether and was treating Fex, his son, just as if any other vampire had committed such a crime. He didn't even try to defend him or pardon him.
But in a way, this was expected of her. She knew he was like this, and this was where she got her stubborn side from. When it came between choosing family and the laws one would choose family right?
Silver gradually realized that she cared more for her brother than any of the silly vampire regulations. The only issue was that she wasn't going on a suicide mission. Even if she became involved, she wouldn't be able to escape, and her life and the lives of her brothers would be stolen. Perhaps then, every one of the thirteenth family would be considered traitors, and what was happening to those in the thirteenth would increase as a result of her actions.
She couldn't do that. As a teacher at the school, she could already see how the other thirteenth members were being treated now, so she couldn't imagine what would happen if they found out she too had gone against the council.
Thinking about all of this was a lot on her mind but that's when she noticed a strange small little piece of paper that had magically appeared on her desk. Not only that but it was moving.
Eventually, the piece of paper had stopped moving, and then a small little spider from underneath the paper had left and gone away back climbing down the desk and heading off somewhere.
Looking at the piece of paper, Silver noticed that it was a note.
"We wish to help out Fex, please meet us in the storage room, based outside on the field."
Looking at the note, for some reason, a slight jolt was felt in her heart.
'Who said this, is it one of the other vampire families? Maybe the one that was hiding the identity of the vampire that created the illegal. Maybe they are finally making a move. Should I meet them… If they can help save Fex then I have to meet them.'
Silver decided to go to the place, her hopes resting on the weird message that had just appeared in front of her. She was standing outside the storage door, which was off to the side on the outer field. She felt odd all of a sudden. Her intuition told her there were three vampires inside, not extraordinary vampires, but typical vampires.
However, they might have been only messengers. Opening the doors, she went straight in and quickly closed them behind her. When she turned her head, she could see three students inside the room, all of the ones she recognized that were in her class.
Her sudden hopes were dashed as she remembered each of them was from the tenth family.
Logan was the first to walk forward and approach Silver.
"We are here to save Fex," said Logan.
****