Underneath the thirteenth castle, there were strange tunnels that seemed difficult to navigate. Certain pathways would lead to others opening up to different areas. The only light source in these deep underground tunnels were the torches that lit up the way, and walking through them right now were two vampires, who were dressed the same from head to toe.
They had most of their face covered, only allowing a slit between the eyes to be seen, a floating cloth dangled over from their mouth and nose while a large black tall hat was worn on top of their heads. These vampires in their unique clothing and face covering were from the ninth family known as the Fortuna family.
The tunnels below were divided into sections that led in different directions. These tunnels would ultimately connect to each of the castles. A dungeon for their family members and so on until a penalty was chosen. However, the tunnels were also linked in some way, with sophisticated door arrangements requiring secret codes. Using these doors, one would be able to go beneath the ground and freely roam between each fortress.
The ninth family was in charge of the cellars and tunnels underneath and had access to all the doors. Allowing them to transport criminals from one place to another. As for families, they all had access codes and such to their doors underneath their castles but did not for others.
One would either have to get permission from another family or request aid from the ninth family.
Right now, two of the guards from the ninth family had reached a fairly large cellar. Cries from several other creatures and vampires could be heard, but from this one there was no such noise.
A few loud bangs were heard against the bars of the cell.
"Get up, you're being transported to a new location." The guard said.
Lifting himself from his bed, Fex wasn't exactly enthusiastic about going with these people as he slowly placed his feet along the floor to the bars.
"What's wrong, it shouldn't be time for me to go just yet, right?" With nothing to do in the cellar, all Fex had been doing was counting the time while down here. Sometimes he thought his actions were that of a mad man.
Waiting for the day of his so-called death. But It was the only thing he could do. He was pretty sure he had been accurate with his counting, and it should still be a while before he was to leave this place. Unless he had already gone mad and was counting far slower than he thought.
"We are moving you to the main castle cellars, where you will be put under a heavier surveillance." The other guard said.
Unsure about why they were deciding to be more cautious. Fex decided it wasn't his problem in the first place. It wasn't like there was anything he could do.
The guards put a set of cuffs behind Fex's back. Ones that would be strong enough to hold any regular vampire, and even if he could break out of them, the two guards were quite strong vampires. If there was one, Fex could take them out, but with his hands tied, two would be impossible.
Even if he did, what would he do next? Knowing what his fate was destined to be, he hadn't struggled and decided to go ahead and follow the ninth's men.
Meanwhile, two more guards had been dispatched to the thirteenth castle at the same time. The Wight who had been imprisoned was also temporarily confined there, but the initial commander, Bryce, had decided that it would be better if he was relocated and placed under stronger security given what was going on at the time.
When the two guards approached the Cellar, they had done the same, putting the cuffs on around Peter's wrist and letting him out of the cellar as they took him out and through the tunnels. However, something strange started to happen after Peter had left the cellar.
A peculiar energy began to pour through him, greater than he had ever felt before. He got the same sensation as when he had taken Quinn's blood, only this time he could tell. It wasn't stolen strength, but his growing within him. With this and his evacuation from the cellar, he could feel an even stronger bond with his master Quinn than before.
'Quinn, you're here… and you've grown stronger.' Peter thought.
As Quinn grew stronger, so did Peter. Although he couldn't use blood abilities like Quinn could, or shadow abilities. All of Quinn's stats would be replicated to Peter, so right now, he too had the strength of a strong Vampire noble.
He looked at the guards carefully, and it seemed like they had underestimated him greatly, only sending two people to escort him. This was perhaps because they had seen his skill when he fought against Xander. Xander was but a strong child, a Vampire with no ability.
These two, on the other hand, were mature vampires with a special power. Even though they were not nobility, they believed that two of them would suffice. Even if he was able to defeat the guard, where would he go and how would he travel underground? Of course, Peter was unaware of the dungeon tunnels' intricacy.
Because of all this though, the guards had never expected what would happen to happen next.
Waiting for the right moment while walking through the tunnels. Peter used all of his strength to slam one of the guards into the wall, knocking him out and causing him to stumble. Then something unexpected happened. Without regard for agony or the possibility of shattering his bones, he pushed his hands through the restraints, snapping his fingers and ripping skin from his hand in the process.
Still, this was no problem for the current Peter, who was now a Wight. He felt no pain, and his regeneration speed was great. His fingers and skin had not already healed.
"Grab him!" the guard shouted to the other, as the first one who had been barged into the door had regained his composure.
Both of the guard's hands had wrapped around Peter's waist, holding him in place. Peter, seeing this, used both of his own hands and grabbed onto the guards, and started to pull them apart.
"What, he's stronger than me! I can't hold him." The guard shouted as he could feel he was losing the power struggle. His arms were slowly shaking as they were spread apart.
Then using his strength, Peter lifted the man over his shoulder, and slammed him onto the ground, dislocating his shoulder. The man coughed up blood and was heavily damaged. Still, Peter wouldn't give him a second chance to get back up. Neither of them had used their ability yet, and he didn't want to find out.
Running up to the man on the floor, Peter used all his strength once again, to kick the man's head, twisting his neck and killing him on the spot. He was a vampire and not a Wight, regenerating from a blow like that would be impossible.
In a panic, the other guard fired a flurry of blows, but it was ineffective. Peter was much faster at avoiding the strikes. Then Peter launched his blows. Hitting the guy hard and fast, not pausing for a single second. Peter continued to hit the guard until there was no more sound.
When he came to a halt, the corpse had fallen to the floor and was no longer moving. Peter had no choice except to kill both of the guards. If he hadn't killed them, they would have told others, and more would have arrived. Making it more difficult for him to flee.
While staring at the dead, Peter felt something strange inside him, as if he could sense a small fire inside their bodies. This sensation was comparable to the one he had with Quinn, but somewhat different.
As he approached the bodies on the floor, Peter pondered what would happen if he attempted to contact this link. He could feel the connection even stronger when he laid his hand on the body. Naturally, he felt like closing his eyes, and then his energy began to pour out of his hand and toward the dead guard. A strange reaction had occurred when his energy touched the guards.
The feeling was unusual, and Peter let go and took a step back, but the guard in front of him immediately stood up. His head twisted back into position, and he began to walk rather stiffly at first, but the guard's movements quickly returned to normal. Before lifting his head, the guard bowed.
Looking at the guard closely, Peter could see that his eyes were now completely white and there was no such expression on his face, it was as if he had become an ‘undead’.
At that time, he felt a peculiar sensation, as if information had suddenly entered his mind. He now realized that the vampire in front of him had been transformed into a lesser Wight. He turned around to face the second dead guard on the floor.
"I'm going to need your help as well."
****