Quinn found the entire journey up to the castle to be rather simple after Peter's presence. He had entered the village without incident after traveling from the forest. Nobody had stopped him to question what he was doing there, even though he was still wearing the mask to disguise his face. If Peter was apprehended and disguised himself as Quinn at the time. That meant there were probably a lot of vampires who recognized him. As he went across the city, not a single Vampire raised an eyebrow.
He wanted to explore and see what the vampire realm was like, but the connection he was now having with Peter was swaying in and out, and there was a high risk it might go altogether. Quinn thought the worst, that Peter was dying, as he felt the peculiar sensation come and go. So, instead of spending his time examining the vampire town, he began hurrying forward.
The odd energy was emanating from the thirteenth castle, which was stationed on the far right. The castles formed a semicircle around the city, with the thirteenth at the end. The majority of the city was easy to navigate, but then he saw a peculiar wall between the castle area and the city. Some kind of gate.
This gate was the separation between those that worked directly for a vampire family, and those that lived with everyone else under some type of family. Carefully looking at the gate, Quinn noticed that there were guards stationed at these sections, and it would seem as if vampires who entered and exited needed to show something to enter.
While thinking of what to do next, the system decided to chime in and help him.
"The more you start to explore and roam around the city, the more I'm starting to think this is the same settlement that I used to live in." The system said. "I don't know if a replica was made or if they had managed to transport it all over to another planet somehow."
At first, Quinn didn't quite understand why the system was suddenly being nostalgic out loud, while he was desperately trying to find a way in but as it continued to speak, he realized it wasn't just nonsense and he had a plan.
"Well, if this place is the same as the last, then I think I might have a way to get to the thirteenth castle."
The system directed Quinn to a strange location.  It was still close to the thirteenth castle, but not past the wall that had been erected to separate the three portions. They'd entered what appeared to be a peculiar tiny garden enclosed by various walls. There didn't appear to be any such visitors, which made sense given that there didn't appear to be anything in the region either. There were no benches to look at, and only a few followers here and there.
However, there were still people walking past in the street that was right next to the garden.
"It should be right here." The system said.
The two of them had reached what could only be described, as a wall. However, the wall did have quite an interesting design on it. It had a large circle with several other smaller circles inside and one was able to twist and turn each different part of the section.
"It's a lock, and unfortunately, this is as far as I can take you. This is a secret entrance that should lead you to the underground tunnels. There are several put all over the city in case of an attack of some sort. Allowing people to move from one location to the next without having to go through all the different buildings." The system started to explain.
"Then, if you don't know the combination, then what much help is this?" Quinn replied.
"You should start to know your system better than that. It has managed to help you in tricky situations, before, and I think this time will be no different." The system said but decided to keep the next part to himself. 'The one who created these lock systems in the first place is the same as the one who made the system. So I'm almost certain you will be able to unlock it."
Quinn obtained all the information he need by pressing his hand against the weird circular lock and then using his inspection talent. It took some time, as if the machine was trying to crack some kind of code, but it ultimately delivered instructions on what to do and how to accomplish it. Quinn was able to spin the circular contraption appropriately by following them, ultimately hearing some type of clicking sound. The wheels then began to move back into position, until the wall changed back into itself before collapsing to the floor. A staircase heading downhill reveals a hole in the wall.
As soon as the door had been unlocked, Quinn could feel Peter's connection even stronger.
"He's down there, I have to hurry!"
Quinn rushed ahead as fast as he could, and the door behind him began to repair itself on its own. Finally, even though the tunnels were unusual and difficult to travel, Quinn wasn't looking for a way out or the whereabouts of the other castles. He was engaged in a game of heat and cold with himself. If the link became stronger as he traveled down one tunnel, he knew he was on the right track; if it felt weaker, he knew he was on the wrong track.
Finally, he had arrived, and it was in just the nick of time, as he threw his shadow outward and dashed forward, protecting Peter.
Although it had been a long time since Jin had seen the purple moving shadows. The second he saw it, he instantly knew that it was the punisher's powers. There weren't many alive today that would be able to recognize such an ability. Perhaps some of the leaders decided to pass down their history, while others chose to keep it a secret, which wasn't too surprising considering what had happened in the past.
When the shadows eventually moved downward, Jin was able to see the two boys in front of him, who looked to both be teenagers. This surprised Jin a bit because when he thought of the punishers, he always thought of them as this strong force. However, it looked like what Clark had told him was the truth; it was a young boy who had reached the stage of a vampire Noble.
Ever since Quinn had evolved, his senses were more finely tuned than before, and when looking at Jin in front of him, the hairs on his neck were starting to stand up. This was a feeling he hadn't even felt when going up against Clark.
'He's stronger than a vampire knight. Does that mean he's a vampire leader, at the strength of a vampire lord?' Quinn thought.
While thinking this, the system chimed in just to confirm it.
"Careful Quinn, that Jin talon, the fourth vampire leader. He uses the same ability as Clark himself, but I don't think you need me to tell you that a fight with him and a fight against Jin will be two completely different things."
His predictions were correct, and Quinn would be confronting a vampire leader, the strongest of the vampires, for the first time. Looking to his right, he noticed Peter, who appeared unharmed and rather powerful. He could also see that he had gained in strength since the last time they met, and he was relieved to see him well. But behind him were the two smaller Wights who had recovered and were now by their side.
Quinn using his inspection skill was able to tell they belonged to Peter. Although they were now technically controlled and owned by Peter, they did not belong to the cursed family and took no extra slots.
Jin was wearing a long black overcoat and pulling the side of it towards his mouth he started to whisper.
"I found the punisher. He is with the Wight, and two other vampires seem to be under his control. They are located under the tunnels of the thirteenth, towards the main area."
Sending out this message, there was only a little amount of time before others would come running towards them as well.
"Can we do this with the four of us?" Quinn thought as he hesitated, whether to fight or run.
Jin reached behind him with his right hand and grasped the shield. Several sharp blades have sprung from the edge after banging on the top. What was shocking, though, was that all of the spikes appeared to be coated with blood. It didn't appear to have originated from a wound like the other strikes, but rather as if the blood had been pre-placed in the shield.
"I won't make the same mistake Clark made and go easy on you," Jin remarked as he prepared to toss his shield.
****