While the white sword increased 
Vorden's
 speed, the black blade increased 
Vorden's
 might. He had used the black blade to counter the blood swipe assault, and as a result, his speed had decreased greatly.
The trouble was that it was obvious, not just to the vampires but also to Logan and Cia, who were watching the struggle. Xander had hurried in, sensing something was wrong. Vorden, on the other hand, was no idiot.
"I wanted to beat you myself, but humiliating you is just as good," Vorden said. 'Raten switch!'
The Black sword was flung towards Xander, quickly swapping places with Raten. He effortlessly avoided the blade, which proceeded until its tip became embedded in the earth. The goal, though, was never to harm Xander in the first place; it was merely to stop him for a moment.
Now with one hand free, a blue mist started to form in it, until slowly it started to make a shape, it was the shape of a spear. It was the spirit spear, an ability borrowed from Cia.
For a short second, Xander's eyes met Borden's, and he saw they had changed drastically from before. The same sensation as before sent shivers through his entire body.
'This is no vampire, these are the eyes of a mad man.' Xander thought.
The spear was hurled and was now embedded in Xander's body; in an instant, his entire body felt weak, but not just a bit; this was an entirely new sensation for him. He was exhausted. He felt almost as frail as a person.
Swinging down his white sword, it collided with Xander's forearm, which was obscuring his vision. However, the hit wasn't very powerful and merely resulted in a flesh-cut wound on him. The white sword and his might were insufficient, and there were certain things Vorden couldn't compensate for with only a few pills.
"This is not my fight, you finish him," Raten said as he switched back to Vorden.
There was a reason Vorden had switched to Raten in the first place; Vorden now possessed the power of both Logan and Cia. Even though he couldn't use Logan's ability owing to its intricacy, he could still spend his MC points. He was able to build a more powerful and long-lasting spirit spear by combining Logan's and Cia's abilities.
Not wasting this opportunity, Vorden slipped past Xander's side, Lifted the black blade, and with its power, he spun his body fast with his blade behind him. The course for the blade was right for Xander's neck.
Everyone watching was on the edge of their seat and felt like they couldn't breathe. When the blade was a few inches away, it was stopped. A hand had reached around the sword and held it in place.
"The fight is over, Borden is the winner!" Reli shouted.
"Yes!" Layla exclaimed with joy. She soon understood, however, that not everyone had the same reaction. Everyone had heard her cheer since no one else was feeling the same way. Instead, they were taken aback.
"Who was this Borden guy again?" A student asked.
"I didn't know there was someone stronger than Xander?" Another replied.
"Didn't you see, he used an ability though, I don't recognize that amongst the thirteenth families."
"Well, I think someone said he was from the tenths family. Perhaps it's just a regular ability and not one belonging to the thirteen."
"That would make sense."
"Still, maybe Xander just isn't as strong as we thought."
These comments from the audience continued, and Xander could hear them all. He was upset, but he didn't feel like he had lost the fight. It was only because he became weak as a result of that bizarre spirit spear.
He didn't have any nasty wounds on him, and the attack on his forearm looked like a small scratch.
While Vorden and Xander remained on stage, the students began discussing the ongoing battle. However, there was a difficulty with Vorden winning the present fight.
It was the fact that he needed to continue to fight while not getting hit. It seemed like it was almost an impossible task.
"That concludes our debate; as I can see, there appears to be some bad blood between the two of you," Reli said. "I believe it would be ideal for sportsmanship if the two of you shook hands."
The anger inside Xander hadn't settled and he wanted to hurt the person in front of him.
'Maybe I should slice and attack him the moment we shake hands. Or use my nails to dig into his skin.' Xander thought. All of these thoughts were going through his head.
Even Vorden was hesitant to shake his hand. When Reli noticed this, she seized both of their hands, clasped them together, and shook for them.
Before pushing them both away. "See, it wasn't so bad or hard now was it?"
With that, Xander returned to his seat with nothing else happening, and instead it was now time for Vorden to pick his next opponent.
At the end of the day, these were only thoughts of what Xander wanted to do, but he wasn't petty enough to act on them. He'd lost the battle fairly, so there was no reason to be bitter about it now.
Nervously, Vorden looked at the students hoping he could select someone who wouldn't be too strong, maybe they could buy some more time that way. He wished he could have picked Logan, or maybe even Layla, but that wasn't possible.
"Everyone stop this at once." A female voice from the side said.
When the students glanced around, they noticed a Silver beauty heading towards the platform. As one of the most beautiful vampires in existence approached the stage, the boy's heart began to flutter.
"The event has been canceled." Silver elaborated. "In reality, due to the present emergency, the school has been canceled till further notice. All Vampires have been ordered to return to their respective households. Those who reside in the castle's inner sanctum must also return. There are no questions to be asked, and your family will keep you updated on the situation."
As they murmured to one another, the students' heads twisted and rotated. They had spent the entire time sleeping and living at the school, so they had no idea what was going on in the castles or major towns. Not only that, but they had never heard of anything like this happening before.
They had no idea how swiftly things would move after Silver had conveyed the news. Students were instructed to get their belongings and return immediately. There would be no more classes, no last lesson for the day, simply pick up their belongings and walk home. This just added to the students' confusion about what was going on.
"I'm going to miss you, Layla, I hope we can meet up again soon," Amy said as she gave a big hug and rushed off.
Now, Layla, Cia, Vorden, and Logan had reunited on the field, as they stood there still unsure of what to do. After all, none of them had a home to go back to.
Cia, on the other hand, didn't care and soon embraced Layla with a strong hug. Layla could feel intense negative vibes that she hadn't felt before around Cia when their bodies met.
'What happened to her?' Still, Layla did her regular thing and began to drain all the unpleasant emotions. Cia wanted to ask Layla what was going on right immediately, but as the lovely sensation came over her, she didn't want to ruin it and decided to inquire later.
"Where the hell do we go?" Layla asked. "Won't it look strange if we just stand here and don't start moving?"
"Well, we did say we were part of the tenth family right, so shouldn't we start heading to the tenth's castle," Vorden said.
"And when they find out we don't belong, besides we don't even know which one is the tenth castle in the first place," Logan replied.
A rush of wind blew over their faces, and suddenly, Silver was in front of the four of them.
"Is this for everyone?" Silver said. "I haven't promised to aid you people yet, but I felt you should be aware of what's going on." There was an intruder in the thirteenth castle, where my brother and the Wight were being imprisoned.
"The intruder has taken the Wight with him and is making his way to the tenth's castle region." Silver believed it was best to preserve the savior's role as a punisher. She wasn't sure if the two issues were linked, but that was the only thing she could think of. Other than the people in front of her, no one else would wish to save the Wight.
The message had been delivered, and Silver started to head back to school without saying anything else.
"Do you think she was talking about Quinn and Peter?" Layla asked.
"I think it has to be the two, and they are at the tenth castle. I guess we know where to go now then." Vorden replied. "But how do we get there?"
"Hey!" A small little boy shouted as he waved his arm and rushed over. Joining the four of them was the boy known as Timmy. They had gotten close with him over the past week or so.
"You guys are from the tenth family as well right, why don't we travel together?" Timmy asked.
The group looked at each other before replying.
"Sure."
*****