Quinn and Peter exited the tunnel together, and Quinn made sure they each had the mask with them at all times in case they broke apart. Quinn believed it was prudent to contact the others only after he was certain that they were in a secure area and where they were. Only then would he summon the others to his position so that they could begin to devise a strategy.
Quinn couldn't trust the AI system based just on its words. Too many times had the AI hidden things from him, and then he delivered a massive bombshell declaring that the tenth castle was his. Quinn had long suspected that the original person on whom the AI system was built as a leader. It was the only explanation for why he was so knowledgeable about everything.
However, claiming that all of the individuals in this castle belonged to him came as a surprise. The system had said that the Cursed family was his, thereby forming his own new family, but what about the old tenths? Quinn's straightforward response to all of this was, "No, thank you." He didn't want to be a part of their affairs just because he was a vampire now. He mostly simply wanted to save Fex and get out of here as soon as possible.
Still, with nowhere to go and no idea what to do, the AI indicated that it will explain more once they were at the castle. Quinn didn't feel he had much of a choice. At the very least, he understood that the AI system was concerned about his safety. Quinn felt and knew he had no chance after seeing the previous Vampire commander, and there were allegedly twelve more of them.
It was clear as day that the AI was right that Quinn wouldn't be strong enough. Without extra help, it would be impossible to save Fex, and maybe this is what he needed.
As they walked outside with Peter, they noticed that there was a lot more open space than in the outer city as they reached the outer castle dwelling quarters. The residences were larger and appeared to be well-built. However, there was something strange about them all, as well as the few individuals they saw on the street from time to time.
The entire atmosphere was lifeless; it was beginning to feel a little depressing, and while the mansions were beautiful, they didn't appear to be well-maintained.
At first, the system was going to warn them, and tell the two of them to keep away from the sight of others in the street.
Normally, the inner section was kept for people close to the family, so they would all know one other, but when the system noticed kids and vampires of the normal class strolling there, he became less careful. The folks appeared to have chosen not to disturb Quinn and Peter.
The atmosphere and the appearance of such buildings were also noted by the system.
'Is this all because of me?' The system thought. 'Did the situation get this bad after I left? Was it worth it all in the end? To make these people suffer. Please, Quinn, I hope you can give these people a better life than I ever was able to.'
All of these thoughts from the AI were kept to himself, and Quinn had heard none of it. He knew Quinn wasn't ready to face everything yet. Which is why he didn't want to tell him. If he did, The AI was afraid Quinn would run away and abandon these people, just like he had once done as well.
Eventually, the two of them had reached the castle with no trouble at all. It was just as grand as the others not too far that could be seen in the distance. However, it was completely covered in cobwebs and dust, and there seemed to be not a single torch or light that was turned on inside.
While the others looked alive this one looked dead, the only other castle that had a smilier appearance, was a castle that was at the very end on the same side. However, that castle looked just as grand as the main castle stationed in the center. Quinn had only heard that there were thirteen families and thirteen castles, the main one stationed in the center belonging to the king made sense, but then what was the extra castle at the end for and why was it so grand in size.
Slightly curious he decided to ask.
"Do you know what that castle over there is for?" Quinn asked.
"That is the fourteenth castle, belonging to the punishers. They uphold the rules of the vampires. At the time its power was seen as equal to the king. In a way, even the king wasn't allowed to break the long-established rules. Although a big event happened long ago that seemed to change all that, however, there is no need for you to know of that as you have no interest." The system replied.
Quinn continuously looked at the castle. The system was right, he wasn't interested in what happened in the past but what he was interested in was the fact the castle was abandoned. Perhaps there would be things inside that would be of great use to him.
Focusing his attention on the castle in front of him, Both Peter and himself looked around to see if there was anything they could find. But, there didn't seem to be anyone caring for the castle at all. No guards were standing outside.
"Is there someone inside that can help us?" Quinn asked.
The system did not respond because he was also concerned. Even if he had left a long time ago, someone should have taken over to look after this house, and he was confident that the person he had entrusted at the time would have done his job anyway.
Walking to the front of the castle there was a large arching door, that was a few meters tall as well as a few meters wide. In the door, itself, was the same circle, within a circle lock combination. The combination to this one was different from the others but as usual, the system told Quinn which way to turn the locks until a clicking sound was heard.
Quinn's mind was only confirming that the system was telling the truth; he didn't know why, but as he turned the final lock, a sick feeling gathered in his stomach. As if there was no turning back after unlocking the door. It was the same sensation he got before turning Peter.
"What's wrong?" Peter asked. "Is it not opening?"
Peter hadn't spoken anything so far because he trusted Quinn. After all, despite being in this bizarre vampire realm, he had come to help him. This had occurred before, and Peter was more determined than ever to help him in the future.
Letting out one last breath, Quinn turned the circle starting the unlocking mechanism. The door's circles then started to move in place before slightly lighting up, and finally, the doors open wide revealing a dark black space.
Taking a single step in, suddenly, lights and torches started to light up the entire castle inside and outside, and at the very top blue-like crystal point also appeared.
These lights could be seen from every castle, the leaders, the people within the tenth city themselves, as well as all of the vampires who were living outside of the castle area. They started to whisper and gasp as they pointed at the tower in front of them.
"What is going on with the tenth castle!" Timmy said.
The group looking towards the castle had a feeling that perhaps this all had something to do with Quinn and they weren't wrong.
[The tenth leader has returned to their castle]
[A new territory has been granted]
[New skills…]
[Error]
[Error]
However, after a few seconds, the lights began to flicker in and out, as if reacting to the system signals that had been displayed. Something was amiss, not only with the system but also with the castle. The fading in and out eventually ceased, and all of the lights went out at the same moment.
[Error]
[The quest to become a vampire leader is yet to be completed]
[All skills and territories related to the tenth will be locked]
Reading the messages Quinn was trying to get an idea of what was happening.
Still, for a brief second, all of the castles and the surrounding people had seen the castle light up once again, something that hadn't happened in around a hundred years or so. It was a sign to them all.
Not too far away from a castle, in quite a luxurious house, this fact also wasn't missed by a man. He stared outside with his eyes winded looking at the tower light up and quickly fall.
"The tenth leader has returned. You're finally back sir." The man said as his eyes started to water up.
*****