Quinn didn't hesitate to answer yes when asked whether she would be interested in some training. He understood he needed to grow stronger for this purpose. Facing Edward dilated his pupils somewhat. There was more to getting stronger than just improving his stats. Even if he was quicker, stronger, and had more stamina, none of these things could compensate for his lack of skill.
Furthermore, the better his present numbers were, the less of an influence the rise was having when compared to the strongest vampires. This was always going to be the case, but he didn't expect it to be so obvious so quickly.
For example, Quinn had five strengths when he initially started, but by the time he turned a vampire, his strength had climbed to 10. With only five points more, his power had doubled. However, if his strength was at fifty and he boosted his points by five, the result was not nearly the same. His strength would only improve somewhat, and it would not have the same effect.
Because all of the stronger vampires had excellent stats, to begin with, a few points of variation here and there didn't make much of a difference. It was all about talent and ability. Edward was able to defeat both Quinn and Peter, and Vincent, the system, described Edward as a powerful and skilled vampire knight.
Of course, he wouldn't decline such an offer.
Before they began their training, Edward decided to take them on a tour around the castle. He felt compelled to do so since he believed it was only proper to show the future leader what his fortress will look like.
Edward began to feel embarrassed while touring the two around the castle. Most, if not all, of the apartments, were coated with dust and appeared to have been empty. It appeared as though no one had ever lived in the castle.
Most of the castle was filled with just bedrooms. Edward explained that most of the families had a long history. So they had many family members that were closely related that would often live within the castle.
This was not the case with the tenth. That's why most of the rooms were still empty after he departed. Following the tour, it seemed that there was a research room and a library, among other things.
Looking at all the space and thinking about such a large castle being empty, Quinn felt like if he was to live here, it would have been an incredibly lonely place to be.
They eventually came upon a large arching door that was as large as the entryway while gazing around. It was stationed near the main bedroom and bore an odd symbol on the front. The emblem was in the shape of a circle with numerous patterns going around it. When examined closely, it appeared to have been carved, and the lines had a blue light to them, similar to the crystals.
The door stood out compared to the rest of the places they had managed to see so far.
"What's behind there?" Quinn asked curiously since Edward decided not to show them the inside of it for some reason and started to walk right past.
"That would be the previous lord's storage room," Edward replied. "I didn't mean to offend you, it's just that I don't have access to what is in that room. Remember the weapons that you saw on display? How I said they were replicas. Well, the real ones are kept behind here. And the only person who can enter or has access to that room was Vincent."
Rather than a storage room. What Quinn was hearing in his mind was a room full of treasures.
"You have already accessed the goods in the storage area." The system abruptly stated. "Everything in here is available at the shop. I wanted constraints while I was designing the system, you see. I didn't want anyone to get their hands on the book to have immediate access to everything. I intended the user to develop and learn, thus the object will be carried from here to the system in exchange for gathering the components. They would not get ahead of themselves if they defeated the beast necessary for the weapons."
"The idea was that with the items that had been gathered, they could be used to create the weapons again, if need be in the future. However, I never expected you to reach this spot here right now. Unfortunately, there is no way for me to open the storage room door. If I could, there would be many items that we could use to help free Fex."
Hearing this, Quinn was more interested in how the book had fallen into his hands than ever.
"So, how did my family even get the book, I remember you said that if I came to the castle, you would tell me everything? I think I deserve to know." Quinn asked.
There was a moment of silence before the system eventually replied.
"I think it will only distract you from your current goal. Once everything is over and dealt with, then I will explain. Not just why your family has the book, but why I left the tenth castle and how it is all linked."
It wasn't the answer he was looking for, but it was a better answer than he had expected and the system was right. Such an important matter could quite possibly distract him and now wasn't the time for that.
With the tour over, Edward was ready to start the training with the two of them. After that, they would need to form a plan on how to save Fex.
They had returned down to the first floor, the reception area. This was because it was the biggest area in the castle that was mostly empty, void of objects being hit or destroyed.
But before the training could begin, Quinn felt a burning sensation in his chest.
"Are you okay?" Edward asked, concerned something was happening.
But it wasn't a bad feeling, this was something Quinn had felt before. "They're here," Quinn said.
Just then, a knock at the door was heard.
"Sir Edward, are you inside!" A young voice shouted. "We tried going to your house, but there was no one in. We were wondering what was going on…. Hello!"
"Is that Timmy?" Edward thought, recognizing the voice. "Go ho.."
Lifting his hand, Quinn gestured for Edward to stop as if he wanted to say something. "You can let him in. My friends are with them as well."
As the door started to open wide, Timmy on the outside was getting excited. He had only seen the castle and had never even been this close. It was only due to the encouragement and being with the others that he felt like he could knock and touch the door, and now they were being let in.
Whatever was happening, he didn't want this dream to end. When the doors finally opened, he was greeted with the sight of not just Edward, but two unfamiliar faces that didn't look much older than himself either. One of them when looking at them had a smile on his face.
"You guys look good," Quinn said. This whole time he had a fear that something might have happened to them. Although he knew Layla was okay. He wasn't sure about everyone else. So it was a relief to see that none of them were injured or hurt.
"Boy, we have a lot to tell you," Vorden murmured, walking over to Quinn and wrapping his arm over his head, drawing him in closer. "Is it just me, or have you grown taller and more handsome? Layla, am I correct?"
Hearing this, Layla's face started to get hot, and she turned away, but couldn't help glancing and looking at Quinn's face. Once again, it had changed slightly, and he did look more mature and handsome than before.
"Peter, I'm sorry I couldn't help you in the dungeon," Logan said. "I wanted to come and get you, but the probability was against us. I researched and researched…."
"It's okay. I'm fine now, right?" Peter replied.
The atmosphere was upbeat as everyone was reunited, and Timmy was a bit confused at how these people came to know each other. Was this person a special person in the tenth family that he didn't know about?
However, there was one person who wasn't happy about the whole thing, and she was continually looking at Quinn.
She wanted to hold back until later; she wanted to ask when they had returned, but seeing him now, she couldn't hold herself back and she needed to ask there and then.
"Quinn!" Cia shouted so loud that it caused everyone to freeze in place. "I need to ask you… and please tell me the truth. I learned earlier that vampires can remove memories, not just any, but they can wipe out entire memories. Based on what Layla said to me before, I can only assume I knew all of you. So my question is, did you remove my memories, and if so, please tell me why."
*****