The emotional demand from Cia's mouth occurred at an unexpected moment, but no one, even Quinn, anticipated this to happen. The more time she spent with them, the more likely she was to find out sooner or later.
Quinn, on the other hand, has been suppressing this thought since meeting Cia. Every time he glanced at her and couldn't stare at her straight before, he felt a bit bad. But it wasn't just because he felt guilty; it was also because when he looked at her, he didn't feel horrible at all. As though what he'd done was morally correct. He felt as though he was becoming numb to the circumstances, and he was frightened it was because he was changing.
He was still composed. Even though she appeared to be broken down and torn by what was going on, he felt a bit cruel. He knew she was correct and deserved to know the truth.
"Yes." Quinn said. "I was the one who removed your memories, but before you lash out at me, or anyone here you should learn the truth, or why I had chosen to do it."
When Cia heard this, she burst into tears, and the bystanders who were watching were perplexed. Timmy was still perplexed by what was now occurring and felt he couldn't intervene at such a crucial occasion, while Edward was trying to figure out why another vampire's memories needed to be erased. It was feasible for a vampire to erase the memory of another vampire, but one would have to be significantly stronger than the other.
"Please Cia," Quinn said. "I think it would be best if you found out the whole situation from Layla, the two of you are more closely connected than you think." Quinn tried his best to reassure her in a calm voice. She was on her knees with her hands covering her face and the tears could be seen creeping through the gaps.
She felt lost. This whole time she was wondering who she was, what had happened to her, and why, and the only people that seemed to care or looked after her, were involved in getting rid of her memories.
"No!!!!" She started to scream. "No! No! No!"
The screaming and sobbing were getting out of control.
"Can someone please shut her up!" Peter said as he covered both of his ears with his hands. "If she carries on like this, then maybe I'm going to do something."
Seeing the situation was getting a little out of control, it was clear no amount of words would get through to her at this time. Layla, who was still close to her, tried to embrace her with a hug, but Cia, ended up shoving her away.
"Get off me, how can I trust what you say now!" Cia shouted.
Seeing this, Layla felt like there was only one thing she could do. The dark smog surrounding Cia was heavy and denser than she had ever seen before. She had chosen to do this as little as possible from now on, but this was an emergency.
Using her hands and moving them in a circular motion, she was able to control the black smoke, and allow it to enter her mouth and nose. The others who were watching couldn't see what Layla could see, so it all looked a little strange.
Cia began to feel better as the smog began to dissipate. The negative thoughts were starting to fade, and she was feeling more optimistic about it, but when she looked at Quinn again, they had returned, along with the smog.
Layla struggled harder to consume the smog, and ultimately she had consumed every bit of it. Cia's mind was free, perhaps too free, as her eyesight blurred and her body ached. She collapsed onto the floor after wobbling back and forth.
"Is the shouting woman dead?" Timmy asked, still confused.
Logan had gone to approach her, and it looked like she was still breathing, and her heart was still beating. "I think she's just asleep."
However, after consuming all of the negative emotions, Quinn noticed that Layla was shivering. Her whole body was shaking from the top of her head to the bottom of her feet.
"Layla, are you alright?" Quinn asked as he rushed over.
"Stay back, I'll be okay," Layla replied.
She had consumed too many negative emotions and the excess energy was now inside her body, but this was the perfect opportunity to show everyone how much she had changed.
She began to gather all of the excess energy and distribute it throughout her body, and her look gradually changed. Her body began to grow somewhat taller, her two little lumps on her head began to expand into full-fledged horns, and her two side teeth had grown into huge fangs. They weren't like the fangs vampires have. Instead, they were thick and enormous, reaching down to her chin when she closed her lips.
When her transformation was complete, the shivering had stopped.
"Is that Layla?" Vorden asked, shocked by the sudden change.
[Inspect]
[Hannya, Evolved form: Chunari]
Using his inspection skill Quinn was able to get a little bit of information, but it didn't delve deeper into the details like last time. Although he was afraid to tell Layla what had just happened, as he started to remember the last time she had transformed before she just had little bumps, now she had full-fledged horns, could she live with herself, and if they were to go back to earth, how were they going to hide that from others?
She wasn't human.
"Oh Hannya, now when was the last time I saw one of those?" Edward said. "How many more surprises will I be getting?"
Vorden started to look at her more closely. He started to think if you took away her two large horns and tusk-like teeth. Then the increase in height and Layla's figure in other areas had greatly improved. Although some would think she looked like a monster. No one could doubt it was a pretty one.
He continued to stare, and this was frustrating Layla.
"Can you all stop staring at me like that!" Layla shouted. "I know what you are thinking, don't worry... My evolution is temporary, I just needed to get rid of the excess power somehow and this was the best way. Once the power starts to fade, then my form will revert to what it once was."
"I think you look kind of cool," Timmy said as he looked up at her.
The compliment was welcomed by Layla, and a smile appeared on her face.
Now that she had evolved, her abilities were also different as well, but there was no need for her to display them right now and would wait till later.
"Now all the drama has been dealt with, we can get back to the matter at hand," Edward said. "Who are these friends of yours, are they also here for the same reason as you?"
"Wait!" Timmy said. "You mean you don't know who they are either Edward. I was sure you would have known them since everyone here seems so familiar with each other."
This was going to be a hard one for Quinn to explain and he didn't know where to start without having the two of them go into a panic. Especially since Quinn didn't even know who this little vampire who traveled with his friends was.
"If you wait a couple more minutes, then it might be easier for you to explain," Logan said.
For a second Quinn was confused, but after a couple of minutes had passed, the scent of everyone there had come into their noses and he finally understood.
It looked like Edward was still getting surprises here and there and many were still to come.
Outside of the tenth castle, between the inner castle area and the normal living area. A few black blurs could be seen in the night sky passing by. It was a brief flicker and if one wasn't paying attention, they would have never seen it. This was indeed the case for the guards that were stationed at the tenth inner castle living areas. Because they were half asleep while on the job.
These blurs were a pair of vampires who had been stationed at the tenth castle. Once they were far enough away from the tenth castle, they continued to travel until they had reached their castle. Reporting back about their findings.
They were inside a throne room and sitting there was one of the leaders with two men by his side.
"Sir, based on all the information gathered, the students have successfully returned to each of their families." The vampire reported. "However, there was one anomaly, and that is to do with the tenth castle you stationed us at. All of the people inside and outside of the inner circle had been accounted for beforehand, and when we checked it with the files, there seems to be an increase of four vampires."
"Four vampires that aren't registered heading to the tenth castle." The leader said. "The castle lights up signaling the possible return of the tenth. The punisher child with the prisoner was last seen heading towards the tenth castle, and now four new vampires are seen entering as well. It looks like soon there might be a big clash heading our way."
*****