Other than the explanation Logan and Vorden had given, there was another reason why they didn't want to attend the training. Although Logan was correct in his statement about not needing to learn combat skills, Vorden was not.
Logan entered the castle's lab, but there was someone behind him who had also entered the chamber. Vorden was the one. He had not gone to check on Layla as he had informed the others, but had instead followed Logan. The room was huge, but it was mainly vacant, as were the others. As though everything significant had been removed.
Nonetheless, there were several test tubes, flasks, and other items that appeared to be measuring equipment that Logan had never seen before. He would place his hand on each new thing he saw, acquiring more information. They were essentially measuring instruments, although they were more advanced than those found on Earth.
They were more accurate, gave more information, and allowed them to further test a broader range of things.
With this, Logan started to gather all the things from the room and placed them on the island table located in the center. Taking out what he needed from the cabinets off to the side.
"So do you mind telling me why you're with me and not the others?" Logan asked as he grabbed an object and started moving it to the middle.
"Those red pills from the trials back at that place where we came from, they worked," Vorden replied. "I'm sure you already know, they not only worked but worked extremely well, and even now the effects from them haven't lessened."
Hearing this didn't put a smile on Logan's face though, instead, he looked a little frustrated and let out a big sigh. "And you just had to go and consume every pill, didn't you? Well at least I was able to gather some information before you did, and who knows maybe we can go back to the lab at some point and grab some more. But that wasn't the question I asked, why are you here?"
As always with Logan, he was pretty aware of people's intentions, perhaps because he never tried to read the emotion and always judged things on facts and right now, it didn't make sense for Vorden to be with Logan unless it was because he wanted something.
"Now that you know the red pills work, you're going to try and test that green liquid right?" Vorden asked. "Well, if you're sure it's safe and it has to come down to it. I want you to test it on me."
Although Vorden didn't say it, he had felt a little tense without his skills since arriving in the vampire realm. He had succeeded in getting by, thanks to Quinn's gift of the two swords, but when battling against Xander, one of the vampire professors had intervened at the end and stopped his attack.
According to the information that they had heard so far, it was just something called a vampire Noble that stopped him with no trouble. It wasn't a vampire knight or a leader at all. While Vorden was busy fighting regular vampires, Quinn had already defeated a vampire knight.
He couldn't imagine how much stronger Quinn had gotten within the short time frame. Before, Vorden would have never seen himself as the competitive type, but recently he couldn't help but compare himself to Quinn all the time. Sure, Raten with his duel abilities or Sil with his three abilities, had beaten Quinn in the past, but what about himself?
Vorden was fighting as him for the first time, and he was still winning. He wasn't sure when Quinn had passed him, but something inside him was urging him to do everything he could to catch up.
"Very well," Logan replied, as he took out the green liquid from his bag and placed it on the table. "Once I've looked over this again and again. If I am at least 90 percent sure it will do no harm and improve your strength, only then will I allow you to consume it!"
Down at the reception area, Quinn, Timmy, and Peter were standing in front of Edward. Each of them before coming down had gone to the tenths dresser for a change of clothes. It wasn't that their clothes stood out but at the same time didn't completely fit with what vampires wore.
They could get away with it so far because they were young. Because there was no uniform among the young vampires, other vampires would believe they were attempting something new. They were all dressed properly in simple black clothes now. Quinn also needed to change his clothes since his shirt was coming up and displaying his wrists and his trousers were showing his ankles. He had grown in height again after developing. The new garments appeared to be an exact fit.
"You're all starting to look like tenth vampires already," Edward said with a smile on his face.
"First I want to give you all basic information about what I will each be teaching to each of you, first of the Wight. As you should know, Wights have an incredible healing factor. It is far stronger than that of any vampire, even the vampire lords, and you should use this to your advantage. You can practically heal from any fatal wound. You might be hungry after but that's not so much of a problem.
"However, there is one place you should always protect, and that is your head. If your head is crushed, detached from your body, or burnt, then you will never be able to heal again. On top of this, Wights can make Lesser Wights, from what you have already told me you had made two before, correct? I don't know your limit, but two is pretty rare. Most wights can make only one follower.
"What is good about this, is if your follower or lesser Wight you created is killed, it will allow you to make another one. There is just a limit to how many you can create and use at the same time. Your moves are a bit rough when you attack, but you are strong.
"Because of this, and what I mentioned earlier, I will be focusing on teaching you defensive martial arts, that will allow you to protect yourself. You should at least have a good defense."
Edward then moved his head onto the one next to Peter, which was Timmy. He pulled out a book and handed it over.
"For you Timmy, I know you currently do not have an ability, which is why I am making you an offer to learn my mist ability. I will personally guide you and help you with this, but I can not always be there. This is an ability book that should teach you the basics. After, I can help you advance to the next levels and will teach you a few skills.
"Remember though I can not force you, once you learn this ability then that means you will no longer be able to learn the abilities of the other families, even if they were to recruit you into their families."
With the book held in his hands, Timmy's eyes started to sparkle.
"Sir Edward, I had already decided to never leave the tenth family. With this, I am forever in your debt. I can't believe you are giving me such a great book, and I will also personally be taught by a vampire knight."
Hugging the book tightly and twisting his body side to side, everyone could see how happy Timmy was.
"Finally, Quinn," Edward whispered, his eyes fixed on him. "I agree with Peter that we should prioritize defense. This is primarily because you are the vampire boss. It is important not just for yourself, but also for the future of the tenth generation."
"But I already have good defensive abilities," Quinn replied. "If I can, I would like you to teach me or help me be more versatile with my attacks. Fex had only taught me the basic vampire marital arts. I think if I was to learn something more advanced and combined that with my Qi, it would give me more attacking opportunities."
"Qi?" Edward replied, confused, not sure what Quinn was referring to. "Are you sure you have good defensive abilities, it didn't seem to be the case when we were fighting?"
"That's because I didn't use my powers at the time," Quinn replied, as he activated his ability.
The shadow from underneath his feet started to flicker slightly until eventually, it had risen from the ground and was covering his back.
Edward didn't know what to feel anymore; he'd been surprised too many times, and this boy was becoming more and more fascinating to him. If the fight had continued, he could have witnessed something quite different.
"So you're the so-called punisher who has everyone in a state of panic, and also the tenth leader," Edward explained. "I'm sure no one in the council expected this. The tenth leader returns, along with the fourteenth castle's lost power.
"Okay, let's see how good or strong you are. I want you to fight me again, but this time, don't hold anything back."
With Peter and Timmy standing off to the side, they carefully watched as they were about to witness two strong vampires confront each other on the battlefield.
*****