Quinn had not anticipated getting a quest from the system after Edward had assigned him a duty. He was first uninterested, maybe thinking it was a waste of time. He needed to hone his talents through training and other means, especially since there didn't appear to be any beasts of any type in the vampire settlement. As a result, gaining experience would be difficult for him.
But now that there was a mission tied to the actual task, Quinn was much more intrigued, especially since the prizes were concealed. When this had happened before, he had acquired a few intriguing items from completing the mission.
On top of this, if he was to get exp then there was a good chance that he could level up a few times, bringing him closer to the rank of the vampire lord.
Quinn was waiting outside for Timmy to return. He had gone back to the castle to get the blood packs needed for their task, and then he would guide Quinn around to all the establishments they needed to go to.
Eventually, Timmy had returned with what looked like a crate with wheels on its back. There was nothing tied to it, and the front was a single circle that resembled an eye. There was nothing attached between Timmy and the robotic crate, but it continued to follow closely behind him.
"Okay, let's get this done as quickly as possible, and then I can get to training the mist abilities as well," Timmy said, pumped up to do the task given.
Quinn nodded in response as he couldn't agree more. There was always the chance this quest was a complete waste of time, but the best way to find out was to get it done.
Following Timmy, the crate continued to follow behind him. They were only delivering blood to the inner castle areas, so there shouldn't have been too much.
"How many live in the inner castle area?" Quinn asked, trying to estimate how long this would take.
"How many live here and how many are meant to be here are two different questions," Timmy replied. "We are to deliver the blood packs to fifty different households. These are the vampires that are meant to live here. Although some are from the pooling area that basically comes and stay over here most of their time anyway, like me."
"A lot of the times I would come to meet Edward and help him do tasks such as this."
Eventually, they reached one of the large households in the area. A few knocks at the door were given and an adult woman came out who was dressed quite nicely.
"Oh, Timmy is Edward not with you?" She asked. "I guess he must be busy with what happened at the tower earlier."
Timmy glanced behind him, looking at Quinn. The citizens and the tenth people would be completely shocked if they were to find out that the new tenth leader was right beside him and in front of their very eyes.
With a wave of Timmy's hand, the crate opened automatically. "Come on then," Timmy said. "Edward did say this was your task after all."
A shipment of dry ice vapor could be seen flowing out of the box when looking inside. What astonished him was that there were considerably more than fifty or so blood bags inside. There were many thousand of them.
"Please grab thirty or so blood packs for Miss Johnson."
Quinn did as he was told and grabbed them all in one go and passed them over, while doing so, Miss Johnson stroked the top of Quinn's hand during the Passover and placed the packs down by her side.
"You're quite the handsome one now that I see you up close, aren't you?" She said with a flushed face.
Quinn was not used to this kind of reaction. He had never been considered handsome when he was human. What he didn't understand was how much more attractive he had become with each development. Furthermore, the increased stats would subtly modify his physique each time. Improving it beyond the capabilities of someone his age.
Right now, Quinn was practically most girls' dream boy.
"Thank you so much for the delivery and I hope you can come again next time." She said.
With the door shut Quinn expected to see a quest complete notification, but there was no such thing. So he quickly decided to look at the status of the quest.
[Deliver blood to the tenths people]
[1/50 complete]
It looked like he would have to finish the task before he would be getting any type of reward. The only good thing was the task seemed to be relatively easy.
Seeing the blood packs there were a few things that Quinn wondered. He waved his hand over the crate and it opened just like it did when Timmy did so. Looking inside, there were really over 1000 blood packs.
"Why so many, for so few people?" Quinn asked.
"These blood packs are for everyone in the tenth family," Timmy replied. "In each family, there are 1500 people, so each person should at least get one. Usually, those that belonged in the castle would do this type of task and the workload would be split. But Edward is the only one from the old that still belongs in the castle. Everyone else had left and with no leader, there was nobody to decide who would be considered a close part of the family.
"So instead, we deliver the blood packs to those in the inner circle of the family and they will go on to deliver it to the others. However, this does come with its problems. Some vampires come to Edward and say they never got their blood pack. The vampires could be lying just to get more, but usually, you can tell a vampire that is starving and one who isn't."
"So some of the vampires aren't delivering all their packs to the people, but you have no choice since there are only two of you doing this, but why?" Quinn asked.
"You have to remember that the tenths family situation is different. The vampires in this family are full of those that never wanted to be here but were forced here instead. They couldn't get into any of the other families, so they're stuck here. Edward guesses that some of the vampires are trading blood with the other families to get their favor.
"If they can get on other families' vampires' good side, there is more chance for them to be recommended into the family. What they don't realize is these vampires from other families are probably stringing them on. If they did invite them into the family, then where would they get their extra blood from, but people's dreams are an addictive drug."
Listening to Timmy, Quinn felt like he sounded a lot wiser than his looks. Perhaps he had to grow up fast living in a tough area such as this one, which gave him different views compared to others.
Quinn then went to pick up the blood pack from the crate as there was something else he was interested in. There were other 1000 different blood packs here. Unsure whether they came from the same person or different people, there was one thing he was sure about, it was the fact that they would make him stronger.
However, the second he picked up the blood pack, and this thought had entered his mind, a new system message had appeared.
[Warning, any tampering with the quest items shall result in failure of the quest.]
[Quest rewards will be void.]
Seeing this, Quinn immediately dropped the blood bag back into the crate and any ideas he had of consuming the blood were now gone.
If all of the blood bags were from different persons, Quinn would have reconsidered and consumed the blood nonetheless, but when he used his inspection talent, he noticed that the majority of the blood there belonged to the same person.
This was a concerning thought for Quinn, who was beginning to wonder where they were getting all their blood from. For the time being, it was an idea he would store away and revisit later.
The two of them would stroll around and perform the same thing they did with the first home, and if it was a lady, Quinn would generally get some sweet compliments.
[25/50 complete]
They were about halfway done finishing their tasks and it had been a lot quicker than Quinn had expected, but he was starting to wonder why Edward had asked him to do such a task.
He has said it would somehow improve or help with his training, but so far other than the quest he saw no benefits of doing such a thing.
They continued walking until they came to a more deteriorated neighborhood; it was still in the city center, but the buildings here were significantly poorer than the structures before.
Not because of size or structure, but just because they hadn't been looked after. As soon as they had entered this area, Timmy was constantly looking around him as if he was paranoid.
"I have to warn you..." Timmy began, but was cut off abruptly when a young adult appeared in front of them.
A few seconds later and it looked as if they were surrounded by ten vampires or so.
"Is this what you wanted to warn me about?" Quinn asked.
"Yes," Timmy replied. "More often than not there are vampires that try to steal the crate of blood from us, and usually Edward deals with them."
"Haha," One of the vampires in front of them began to giggle. "That's correct, and it appears that Edward isn't here today for whatever reason." Did he believe it was now safe since the tenth vampires had returned to their former selves? Loyal to the unknown leader. Timmy, you already know you're no match for us.
"I doubt you would even be able to beat me, let alone ten of us, so why don't you just hand over the blood."
A little nervous, Timmy stood back to cover the crate, and at that moment, Quinn stepped forward.
"I know Edward isn't with him today, but you see Edward left me in charge of today's guard duty. Please, if you could go easy on me as well, that would be great." Quinn said with a smile.
Maybe this was part of the training.
****