Logan had been working hard inside the Lab, he was in the zone and wouldn't let any distractions get in his way he had already taken a syringe and was on his way to injecting it into 
Vorden's
 arm.
He had yanked it forward and the needle was out and ready.
"What the hell do you think you're doing with that thing!" Vorden shouted back.
"Oh sorry, did I not tell you what was going on?" Logan replied, looking up at Vorden as if he had done nothing wrong. "I must have spoken in my mind again. I broke down all the components that were used to create the green liquid, and although I think it will do you no harm, I'm afraid it might not have any effect on you at all. This was a special serum that seems to have been created to make vampires stronger and not humans."
"Okay," Vorden said, pulling his head back while looking at the needle in Logan's hand. For some reason, it felt like he wasn't going to put it down anytime soon. "So why are you trying to get my blood?"
"Because, I know how to create the green liquid myself. If we use your blood as a basis, then maybe I can make something that will give you the same effect powering you. Just trust me okay and stop being a baby." Logan said as he was already planting the syringe into the side of Vordens arm.
A small pinch was felt, and blood was rapidly extracted. Because hardly much blood was required, a little puncture would suffice.
Logan needed to put Vorden's blood into one of the weird devices that would quickly provide Logan with the information he required. He'd then melt one of the crystals he'd brought with him.
It was necessary to properly combine these two blood types in the proper proportions. Logan was constantly carrying beast crystals with him owing to the powers his suits possessed. It required crystals for them to function, and they appeared to be in high demand right now.
Logan placed a drop of blood onto a little white strip and fed it into the machine, which swallowed it. Rather than staring at the figures, Logan placed his palm on the machine to better grasp what it produced.
However, that's when he noticed something strange. The machine had given him all the information he needed which was great, but something else was happening as well.
'Why would it be doing that?' Logan thought.
"Stop the process right now," Logan said in a stern voice commanding the machine, but it didn't listen and continued doing as it was doing.
Logan felt a sick pang in his gut. Only once before in his life had a machine refused to perform what he asked, and that was back in the mountain cave. Logan wanted to release go right now, but then he remembered what Quinn had said to him back then.
'If I can't stop you, then I can at least find out what you are doing.'
Keeping his hand on the strange machine, Logan started to concentrate hard and find out just what it was doing. He noticed that it was trying to complete a task that was set up beforehand, one that he hadn't ordered.
Trying to stop the process didn't work, now he needed to find out what it was trying to do. Eventually, while navigating through parts of the system he could control and understand, he found the answer he was looking for.
It looked like not just this machine, but all the machines in the room were linked to someplace else. Everything that was and had been done by Logan, the information was now being sent to someplace else, what for, why, or where, he didn't know and he couldn't find out.
The system had finished passing on the information, and there was nothing Logan could do. As he lifted his hand off the machine, he slowly walked back over to the middle island.
"Is everything okay?" Vorden asked as he could see a difference on Logan's face.
'I can't tell him his blood information was passed on by some machine to somewhere else. He'll start to ask me questions that I don't even know the answer to. Besides what can someone, even do with his blood information, more so than likely it's nothing to worry about, so I shouldn't worry him about it either.'
"Don't worry, this might take a little longer than I thought," Logan replied.
Logan continued to work, but he no longer required the machines because he already had all of the information he needed. He melted the crystal and returned to Vorden to take more blood, this time from his vein since he need more this time.
The next stage was to combine the melted beast core with Vorden's blood. He had to ensure that the correct ratio was added at the correct moment, while constantly mixing. The temperature needs to be high enough to keep the crystal molten and not harden. The green liquid could only exist at the proper temperature if the two were entirely blended.
Logan's focus was palpable. Vorden chose not to say anything and waited for many minutes. Logan ultimately piled all of his tools onto his desk. A green liquid comparable to the previous one was revealed within a thick tube.
"It was a success," Logan said, with a smile and Vorden jumped from his seat ready to try it.
Meanwhile, the data Logan had uploaded to the machines was being transmitted to a specific lab, but it wasn't just any lab. Because it was the same one found in the highlands where the others had come from.
In a separate room hidden away next to the lab, a process had started. There was a large round glass container filled with a strange light blue liquid.
[New blood sample has been found]
[Initiating creation process]
Inside the container, a strange liquid was shot into it but it had quickly formed into a solid fusing with the liquid around it.
[Process has started.]
The sold object started to change into what looked like a baby, but the baby was quickly aging, as it grew in size and formed into a young boy. Slowly the young boy's eyes started to open, and they were blue. A few moments later and more changes were made as the boy started to grow and blonde hair could be seen, which grew to the point where it had reached his shoulders.
Inside the container, the object looked almost human, alive, but it certainly wasn't human. For on its arms and around the edges of its faces scales could be seen forming. Its round eyes were starting to narrow out, and eventually, a single spike could be seen growing out from the boy's back.
[The operation was a success.]
[Initiating trial phase]
The weird boy-like appeared to have stopped growing. He appeared to be approximately 16 or 17 years old, but because the procedure was so quick, no one had any idea what was going on or what was occurring.
Before it could even be aware of its surroundings, the top of the container had opened up and a strange metal claw had come down and grabbed him. A few seconds later and the boy was being transported to an unknown location.
The boy attempted to break away from the claw's grasp, but it was too difficult, and he still felt extremely weak. He couldn't see where he was since he was traveling too quickly, and soon, the claw let go of him, dumping him.
The next thing he knew, he was in a small white room with a strange-looking robot standing in front of him.
"Welcome, please state your name and family number, and soon the trial will begin." The robot said.
****