As soon as Edward got the order, he knew he had no choice but to comply. The fact that they had sent the message directly to him and it was a summon too, meant that he would have no choice. If he was to ignore the order, then there would be serious consequences for doing so.
Before leaving, he decided that he would inform Peter of his departure but didn't tell him the exact reasoning for his leaving, only for the rest of them to wait for his return.
"And if you don't return before the execution?" Peter asked.
There was a slight pause as Edward was thinking of how to answer this, as there was a good chance this might happen. Edward wasn't naive enough to believe that they wouldn't have some spies and won't be blind enough to not notice the tower lighting up.
If he didn't give a good enough reason for these things happening, then they could very well keep him at the king's castle.
"If you want my honest answer, I would say give up," Edward replied. "Honestly, I think it's pretty much a suicide mission with me, so without me, I wouldn't even give a percentage of your rescuing mission being a success. All of you will just get yourselves killed. But knowing how rash Quinn has acted so far, I believe he would go through with the rescue mission anyway, so my words would only be wasted.
"My only piece of advice would be, don't try to defeat your opponents, it's a rescue mission, just grab and run." With that said, Edward was off leaving the tower. He had also informed Peter of the combination that was used to enter the castle.
Usually, he wouldn't tell anyone of such a thing, but Peter was directly created by the new tenth leader, so Edward knew he could trust him to be loyal.
'There might be a chance that you will never see me again. Make sure you surround yourself with good people, Quinn.' Edward thought.
With no training left to be done, Peter decided it was best if he was to go and try to find, Logan and Vorden to inform them of what was happening at the moment. As he started to make his way upstairs to the research lab, he noticed the two girls just leaving their room as well.
Cia was still after Layla, but she wasn't clinging to her like she used to. In truth, she resembled her former self, a period when she still had her memories. Layla had also devolved back to the normal Hannya and was no longer in her new evolution form.
"Where's Edward?" Layla asked.
"Oh, about that, it seemed he had to leave in a rush. He didn't tell me what it was about, but it looks like we might be on our own for now. How's she?" Peter said, pointing at Cia.
"You know you can just ask me. I am right here?" Cia snapped back. Not only did she look like her old self, But Peter was starting to think she was starting to act like she used to as well.
Ignoring Cia, Peter continued to talk to Layla. "Did she get her memories back?"
"No," Layla replied. "But I told her everything. Do you know if Quinn is back yet, she wants to meet him?"
Peter didn't like Cia and wasn't sure why she had been invited on this trip in the first place. He vividly recalled their first meeting, when she had attacked Quinn out of nowhere and revealed that she had been a spy all along, but Layla was the polar opposite. He knew she genuinely cared for Quinn and that as long as she was around, nothing bad would happen to him.
"No, he's not back yet, I was planning to meet up with the others and tell them about Edward," Peter replied, and at that moment, the two boys could be seen walking down the stairs together.
"Oh, what the hell, what's everyone doing meeting up in the middle of the corridor?" Vorden asked.
Peter explained to the two what he had just told Layla saying about Edward's sudden disappearance. The two boys seemed more concerned than everyone as they looked at each other. They knew something was up for a vampire knight that was so adamant about helping them to suddenly go like that, but right now the safest place seemed to be in the tenth area.
As for what Logan and Vorden were doing, they were planning to go to the outside garden. Which was an open field located behind the castle. It was a large area with not many obstacles to get in the way.
They planned to put the green liquid Logan had just made to the test. Logan had already created it once, so all he needed to do to make more was obtain more of Vorden's blood, which would be very simple.
Logan still had some beast crystals on himself, although he didn't want to use them all as he needed them for his suit powers, after all, he would be a part of this rescue mission as well.
They intended to put its strength to the test on Vorden, and what better location to do it than outside. The castle's interior was a bit fancy for their taste. Yes, there were wide places, but it was quite dark, making it difficult for Logan and Vorden to see.
They weren't vampires like the rest of them. None of the lights in the castle functioned, making it difficult for them to find their way around. In the other rooms that had a light source, there were numerous decorations and other objects that they didn't want to destroy, so they decided to go outdoors.
After hearing what they were planning to do, the others were interested in this as well. If the green liquid was successful with Vorden, then maybe they could all use some. Especially since both Peter and Layla were subclasses.
Outside on the open field, with the moonlight shining, they could now see better. The others were stood off to the side, quite far away.
"What the hell, I'm not going to turn into some kind of monster or anything." Said Vorden. "Why are you all so far away?"
"I mean, you never know right, it's green after all," Layla replied. "Maybe you'll turn into some green radioactive monster. Where all the clothes would rip off, apart from the shorts."
"Oh, it sounds like you're looking forward to that a little bit Layla," Cia replied, making her face go red.
Logan had also handed the syringe to Vorden before walking away. Seeing everyone turn away from him and stare at him made him even more nervous.
"Hey, are you sure this won't do anything strange to me?" Vorden asked.
"As I said back in the laboratory, I am 99 percent sure you won't die," Logan replied.
"Wait, did he just avoid the question?" Said Vorden. "I asked if it would do something strange to me, not kill me."
Still, Vorden trusted Logan. He had helped out so much on this trip so far and on top of that, the red pills which came from the same lab had no side effects, so he doubted this green liquid would as well.
"Here goes nothing," Vorden said as he stabbed the green syringe into his right shoulder and started to push down, injecting the fluid into his body. All of the green liquid had been injected in, and Vorden threw the empty syringe onto the ground.
A few minutes had passed, and they all waited patiently as Vorden continued to just stand there.
"Well, anything?" Logan asked.
"I was kind of waiting for it to kick in. Like a surge of power or something, similar to what I felt when taking the pills."
The green liquid shouldn't have taken this long to have an effect. It looked like Logan for once was wrong, and the liquid was more complicated than he originally thought. It wasn't so simple or easy to create something that would boost the strength of humans. If he had found this out, it would have been a big discovery for the human race.
Still, Vorden decided that he would try out some moves anyway. Even if he didn't have any strange sensation, it didn't mean it hadn't worked. Grabbing hold of his two swords, he was ready to try out some moves.
He grabbed onto his white sword and then…..
*BANG
Right in front of the group's very eyes, only a few meters away from where Vorden was standing, a big dirt cloud had formed, and mud from the grassy field was chucked up everywhere. It was so sudden and fast, like a meteorite of some kind had fallen from the sky.
"What happened...? Vorden, are you okay?!" Layla shouted.
Eventually, the mud and dust had settled, and Vorden removed his arms that were covering the front of his face, to block any incoming debris from the crash. As he did, his eyes widened and his jaw was left wide open at what he could see.
There was a tall naked older looking teen boy standing immediately in front of him, but it wasn't just any teen boy, since it had scales going up its hands and face, but the primary characteristic of it was the single spike on its back.
"Isn't that a Dalki?" Peter shouted, remembering the horror of when they had first met one before.
"Yeah, I think you’re right," Layla replied, but as she looked at the two of them standing opposite each other, she noticed something else.
"Hey, don't you think they kind of look similar?"
*****