2 Days remaining until execution.
These words kept repeating in Silver's thoughts, and as the days passed, it became more of a reality for her. That was why she was in the position she was in today. A location where she could figure things out for herself. To find out what she was going to do.
She was deep underground in the tunnels, which were much broader than the ones stationed beneath the thirteenth castle. That was because Silver was now beneath the king's palace. A location that was seldom used, even for the most heinous crimes committed by vampires.
Was Fex's behavior truly so bad? Was it because he deserved to be here, or because he was a direct descendent that the offense was exaggerated? She couldn't help but think something was odd, like if the vampires were afraid of something. It seems that what had happened years before had had a significant impact on the vampires.
To the outside and the vampire settlement, the council seemed joint and together with their decisions. But in reality, it was more split in opinions. Something that the others didn't see and what they chose to never show.
Eventually, Silver had come across a large open cavern with several doors. Each one had a circular lock mechanism on them, and there were the thinnest of gaps to allow oxygen to come in and out. There were no gaps large enough, allowing one to see the outside clearly like the other cells.
Standing in front of all of them were two guards who would be wearing the ninth family uniform, the guards of the tunnels. It wasn't hard for Silver to guess which door Fex was behind because, in front of his door, there weren't regular guards, they were the vampire knights of the ninth family.
Ever since the intruders had managed to rescue one of the prisoners, they decided to up the protection on Fex, even if they thought the two matters were possibly unrelated. Most of this was due to the cautious nature of the first leader.
Although Lee, the thirteenth leader so far had been willing in completing and doing everything that had been asked, at the end of the day, Fex was his son. There was a little fear that perhaps he would act to save him.
"I'm here to see the prisoner." Silver asked as she approached the door.
"I'm sorry, but even a vampire knight no longer has permission to see the prisoner." The guard replied. "We are under strict orders to not allow anyone to see him."
This was unexpected for Silver. She had never been denied such privileges before, after all, she was only one rank off from being at the very top.
"It will be quick, and you can even come inside and monitor me if you wish, do you think I would try to act now, with two vampire knights standing outside?" Silver asked.
"You know it's not about that, we have been ordered, and we shall do as asked." The guard replied.
Silver clenched her palm, unsure what to do. She wanted to see Fex, no, she needed to see him. To confirm her answers about what she was going to do.
"Let her in." A deep voice from behind said.
As she turned around, she could see a large thick man, who was covered in armor from head to toe not allowing one to see their face. It was the ninth leader, Muka.
"Sir but the orders...." The guard complained.
"Since when have you worked for someone else and not me. Are you saying their orders are above mine?" Muka said in a loud and angry voice. He was so annoyed he had even stomped his foot startling the guard.
He couldn't believe it, that one of his vampire knights was even questioning him. “Has the first's influence already gotten this far, is he planting his seed in everyone for the next election?”
"No sir, you have always been our leader, we follow your instruction and only yours." The guard said as he bowed his head and allowed the two to enter.
"I hope you don't mind me coming with you?" Muka asked, but Silver didn't feel like she had much choice. He was practically saying she wouldn't be able to see Fex without him.
When the doors opened, they were welcomed into a dark room, that was bare of anything. It was large with walls black walls covering each side. There was no light source, nothing but a square room, and inside it, Fex could be seen handcuffed with his hands behind his back and his back leaning on the wall.
When the two had come in, Fex didn't even bother to turn his head to look at who was in, he only said one sentence.
"I…already…told..you...I know….nothing.." Fex blurted out slowly, but his words sounded a bit messy and soft. It didn't sound like the same Fex, Silver had met a short while ago.
When the two of them got closer, Fex could finally be seen, and she immediately rushed over.
"Silver, you mustn't touch the prisoner!" Muka said.
She stopped in her place, a short distance away.
"Look at him!" She shouted back, as she turned around, her eyes were fiercely glowing red. "You said I can't touch the prisoner, then tell me, who the hell has been in here touching my brother!!"
As she stepped to the side, Muka could see that Fex was severely beaten. He was bruised all over, hurt, and had several cuts to his body. His lips were busted purple and bleeding. For a vampire to get in this type of condition, one must have drained them of blood, making them hungry enough so their wounds wouldn't naturally heal.
"I…" Muka was frozen for words, the reason being, that he had no clue who had done this. The only ones that knew the code to the king's cells were the ninth family, and the king.
"Answer me!" Silver shouted again.
This time, when Fex heard the voice, he noticed he recognized it, as he turned his head, he could see the glowing Silver hair. He knew it was his sister's back.
"Sis…" But before Fex could say what he wanted to say, he had collapsed on the floor. His energy was completely depleted.
This time, Silver rushed to Fex's side, and she wasn't stopping, but at the same time, Muka didn't call out for her to stop this time either.
He was still frustrated with how someone was able to enter this place without his permission, someone had gone behind his back.
"Fex, Fex…Tell me who did this to you, come on!" She cried, but Fex wasn't responding at all. She placed her hand across his chest waiting to hear a heartbeat of any kind, but it was faint, and it looked as if it was getting weaker and weaker.
"Muka, please get him some blood now!" She shouted.
Muka stood there for a while wondering what he should do, was this technically helping the criminal, but what if he was to die here?
'No, he must not die here, he will die on the execution platform, and I must bring to light whoever has broken the rules.' Muka thought as he walked back towards the entrance.
"Fex listen to me, don't give up you can't give up…" Silver said, as she held Fex in her hands. "You remember that vampire you told me about, well he's here. You were right about him. I don't know how, but he managed to rescue the Wight. I'm sure, he and his friends have plans to save you as well. So please..don't give up..and don't die."
Continuing to have her hand on his chest, she suddenly felt his heart thump a little louder, and it looked as if his eyes had opened up a little.
"Qu…inn." He muttered out but quickly fell back into unconsciousness again.
This was it, if the other vampires and leaders had broken the laws that she tried so hard to follow, then why would she follow them. She had decided, she would do everything she could to save Fex.
As Muka had exited the cell and went out of the doors, he suddenly stopped frozen in place once again. But this time it was at the sight he could see in front of him. His two vampire knights that were on guard and under his command, were on the floor covered in blood.
"What happened here!" Muka shouted.
The other guards covering the other doors came over to give their leader a quick report.
"Sir, we don't know what got into them. As soon as you entered the room, they both started to act strange. We saw them pull out their weapons and we thought that perhaps an enemy was coming here. Something they had spotted that we hadn't.
"The next thing we know, they had slit their necks, killing themselves. We honestly have no clue why they would do such a thing." The guard reported.
“What the hell is going on here?” Muka thought. Perhaps there was more behind this whole execution than he had initially thought.
"An emergency council meeting has been called. Will all leaders please proceed to the king's castle and head to the council room at once? An emergency meeting has been called."
It was a telepathic message that had been sent out from the eight families. Muka was just wondering what would be happening this time.
*****