None of the leaders were surprised that another meeting would be convened so quickly. Each of them had learned something about what had happened since the last one was called. This easy execution, and the problem with the Punisher, were becoming increasingly obvious to everyone of them.
As for Muka, before exiting the tunnels, he had ordered his guards to deliver blood to Fex. He wanted to make sure Fex would survive until the execution time. Also, he had ordered Silver to leave the place immediately and to return to her castle.
At first, she had refused several times, that she wouldn't leave until she knew her brother was okay, and in the end, Muka had to pull his authority over her to send her away. But in truth, Muka was looking out for Silver. He feared that whoever had dealt with his Vampire knights was possibly still keeping an eye on them.
He couldn't feel any extra presence, but there was a high chance this would be reported back.
If they weren't there right now, they would assume that only Muka knew in fact of what happened to Fex, and he didn't want Silver to be involved in all of this. He could see, looking at her, that this whole thing happening with her family was taking a toll on her.
While on his way to the king's castle and council room, Muka thought about who could be responsible for doing such a thing to Fex. If they were able to scare his Vampire knights into doing such a thing, then it would have to be someone at least on the level of a vampire lord.
Knowing Fex had hidden the identity of the illegal, and now the Punisher had saved the illegal. He could only assume it was one of the leaders that were afraid of the punisher's return.
That would leave out, the fourth, the fifth, and his own the ninth family. He could also take out the thirteenth family. Muka couldn't imagine Lee doing that to his son, no matter how much he cared about the rules.
In Muka's mind, there was one clear suspect. The first leader Bryce. For a long time now he had already been acting as if he was king, going around and doing as he pleased without asking permission of the others.
It was true that he had the support of the majority of vampire leaders to be chosen as the new king. He was the one who was most terrified of the punisher's return. But he couldn't make such a big accusation in public. It would be a major offense. Hopefully, after Fex had regained consciousness, he would be able to provide further information about who had assaulted him.
Finally, all of the leaders had made it into the room, and for once it looked different compared to before, that was because, in the tenth seat, someone was sitting there. Someone they hadn't seen for a long time. The old Vampire knight Edward. As for the king's seat, and the seat that was opposite it. They both remained empty.
"There seems to have been some interesting developments that have come up since last time," Bryce said. 'So I would like to continue the meeting form where we left off last time and so the same thing does not happen. I have asked Edward to come here as acting tenth leader for now."
The others knew that possibly couldn't be the only reason why Edward was called, and as Bryce started the questioning, they quickly found out it wasn't.
"Edward, it seems that the tenth castle lit up recently. We all know the flame was lit up again a while ago. Has the tenth leader finally returned, or has a new one come into the castle in their place? The last time you were here, we asked you if you knew who it was, but you said you had no idea and hadn't been in contact with Vincent for years. Yet, you still seem to be loyal to him till this very day."
It looked as if Bryce wasn't trying to sugarcoat his words and went straight into the questioning. If these questions were so directly asked the other leaders, then maybe they would have complained. But they too were interested in the lighting of the tenth tower, and at the end of the day, Edward was only a vampire knight, not even a vampire knight anymore, an ex vampire knight.
"I am still just as clueless as all of you," Edward replied calmly. "I was in my house sleeping as usual. It wasn't until recently that I found out this information myself. I was in the middle of checking out the tower when I had been called for an emergency summons, so I have yet to find out the cause of this myself.
"But if you would like my opinion on the matter, I believe it was a false alarm. The tower only glowed for a brief second before shutting down again. If the leader or new one had returned, then the tower would be still lit up even now."
Edward's reasoning had made sense to the others, but even a false startup of a castle had never happened before. So they didn't know what to make of it.
"Okay, did you get the report about the Punisher and the criminal escaping to the tenth's area? We are still wondering how exactly they had managed to get the access codes to enter your underground tunnels. Besides that, have your men reported anything about seeing them?" Bryce asked.
"You overthink," Edward replied. "Do you think with the tenth’s power as it is, we are planning some sort of uprising? Anyone of the families could crush us like a bug. Please tell me oh, mighty first leader. Where in the world are we hiding this large army to go against you all. We don't even have a leader, and most of those who live in the tenth, hate the families guts."
Bryce stood up from his seat in anger, and his eyes flickered glowing red, he looked Edward directly in the eyes as he cast his influence skill.
'Tell me now, did you tell the punisher the combination to your underground dungeons?" The skill being used was strong, and it was far stronger than Edward's resistance, so he had no choice but to reply.
"I did not," Edward replied in a monotone voice.
Just then, Bryce was about to ask another question. But suddenly, Muka stood in front of Edward blocking the eye contact made between the two.
"He already answered your question," Muka said. "May I remind you it is a grave offense to use your influence skill for an integration without the leader's permission."
"And who do I ask, you stupid fool!" Bryce shouted back.
"Didn't you say, Edward would be acting as the tenth leader for this meeting? Then you can not have double standards. Learn your place."
Muka didn't care about what was happening to Edward. He was never really close with the tenth family in the first place, but he was still extremely frustrated that his vampire knights had recently been killed. He was almost certain it was Bryce's doing, whatever was happening he didn't want Bryce to get his way.
"Fine, we shall move on to the next matter. When asking about invading the tenth castle, the king had declined our access to enter the castle area." Bryce said. "He stated that we must get permission from the tenth leader and if the tenth leader isn't present. To ask Edward, and that was my reason for bringing him here today."
It was clear to everyone that especially after what Bryce had just done, Edward would refuse. Even if he did have something to hide, most of the leaders would have rejected him out of principle.
By now, Edward had come to his usual self and had heard the last statement.
"I refuse access to the area of the tenth, or his castle," Edward said confidently.
"Fine!" Bryce replied, slamming his fist onto the table. "Very well, then we shall start the execution procedures. Due to the nature of what is happening all leaders and at least a single vampire knight must be present at the execution. As for the tenths family, Edward shall take the role of the leader and will stay at the king's castle for now until the execution. This is an order coming down from the king."
As it was an order from the king, the others couldn't refuse such a thing and had no choice but to comply. They all felt that there was no need for every leader to be present for just an execution of a single boy.
As the meeting was canceled and they all left the room, Muka caught a smile on Bryce's face, he had found out something, and most likely the information was from Fex himself. Was the Punisher going to try to save Fex as well?
Is that why he had asked all the leaders to be present.
Edward, hearing the news that he wasn't able to return to the castle, was worried. On top of this, all the leaders were going to be present. He had expected some, but not all. He couldn't imagine Quinn getting out of this alive if he was to go through with his plan.
"Vincent, where ever you are please protect the young boy."
****