As Quinn opened his mouth wide, he could feel the ends of his teeth elongate. He didn't know what had come over him, it was as if his body had just taken control and was working on instinct.
His teeth quickly sunk into Layla's skin and at the same time, a gush of blood entered Quinn's mouth. Surprisingly, Layla didn't feel any pain from this, instead, she felt pleasure. A tingling sensation ran through her body as she felt the blood rush up through and out of her neck.
Even if she wanted to resist, she couldn't, the bite seemed to have a paralysis effect. Finally, Quinn's hunger was dissipating.
[Your hunger has decreased]
[Your hunger has decreased]
[You will no longer lose HP]
Even though the messages appeared one after the other, Quinn continued to suck Layla's blood away.
[HP regenerating]
[HP regenerating]
[15/15 HP]
Only after the last message appeared, did Quinn's mind fully return. Immediately, he let go of Layla, causing her body to fall to the ground.
"What the?" Quinn wondered aloud, unsure where he was. Looking around he noticed the poor girl on the ground. "Shit, did I do that?" As if to answer his question, the images of what he had just done popped into his head.
[A+ blood type has been absorbed]
[You have gained 1 Strength]
Quinn was curious to check the message, but for now, he needed to get Layla out of the library fast. Even though they were in a quiet part of the library, there was no telling what kind of scene it would cause, if somebody found the girl on the floor.
Thankfully Quinn could hear Layla breathing, so he at least wouldn't have to worry about accidentally having sucked her dry. Unfortunately, there were two clear bite marks on her neck that needed to be dealt with.
He then lifted Layla up with his two hands, to his surprise discovered she was lighter than he had imagined. Not wasting any time he headed to the doctor's office, all the while going over what had just happened.
A part of him tried to convince himself that the system might have just been playing tricks on him. Even though he could see his HP going down, he had never felt like he was going to die at any point.
In fact, Quinn didn't know if going to 0 HP equaled death, but after what had happened today, he didn't want to take any chances.
There were a few things Quinn needed to do. At the top of the list was to find out how frequently his body required blood. Alas, this meant he would have to once again starve his body of blood. Only this time he would prepare blood beforehand, so he would be better prepared.
But before even all that, he had another serious problem on his hands. Would Layla remember anything when she got up, or would Quinn have to convince her to keep it a secret?
If others were to find out of his rare ability it would start a bidding war between the private companies and the military. They would do anything to get their hand on such a new type of ability. Before anyone could find out about Quinn, he had to become strong enough to protect himself.
While Quinn walked down the hallway, he got quite a few looks from the other students, it wasn't strange to see someone carry an injured person in the school, but it was strange for a boy to carry a girl unless they were an item.
After enduring all those strange looks, Quinn finally reaches the infirmary. Inside, there was a single female doctor named Hayley, who looked to be in her early thirties. She wore round glasses and had her hair up in a ponytail.
Quinn never got the chance to mess around with girls while at his old school, but looking at the doctor, he couldn't help but appreciate her natural beauty.
"Another one?" Hayley sighed before pointing at the back. "There's a free bed there. If you could leave her there, I will get to her as soon as I can."
Quinn did as he was told and placed Layla gently on one of the single beds in the back. The infirmary was quite large, Quinn had never seen a school have one so big. There were a total of 30 beds, yet as far as he could see Hayley appeared to be the only one working there.
At the moment about half the beds were filled up with students and Quinn couldn't help but notice most of them were low levels. There were the odd high levels as well. Even they got into their own fights and disagreements.
Hayley came over to where Quinn and Layla were and started to examine Layla. She placed her hand around her wrist and did a few other checks. That's when she noticed the two small hole marks on her neck.
"What happened? Hayley asked, clearly concerned.
"I'm not sure. I was in the library when I saw her on the ground like that," Quinn replied.
"Classes ended not too long ago, so it can't have been too long since she passed out, yet the wound on her neck looks like it's already healing on its own." Hayley noted while writing down her analysis- "Still I can't be sure if it will heal and it would be a shame if a pretty girl like her ended up with a scar."
Hayley then placed her hand on Layla's neck where the bite marks were. She closed her eyes and after a few seconds, lifted her hands and the bite marks had vanished.
"Is it okay if I wait here for her?" Quinn asked.
"Oh, young kids these days," Hayley grinned. "She's lucky to have someone as caring as you by her side.."
"No, no, no," Quinn waved his arms to stress his point. "We're just friends that's all."
Hayley gave him a strange look, seemingly doubting his declaration, but there were other students she had to attend to. After Hayley had gone away to look after other students, Quinn decided to open up his status screen.
[Strength 11]
[Agility 11]
[Stamina 10]
'So, it really did give me an extra stat point after all?'
He was unsure how exactly sucking someone's blood strengthened him, but he decided not to question it too much. Interestingly, Quinn had received two optional quests to suck the blood of those he had defeated. He had assumed that the stat point was like an extra reward for winning a fight, but it appeared like there was no actual need to fight against someone first.
In that case, Quinn was theoretically able to drink anyone's blood to gain stat points, however, what would happen if he drank Layla's blood again? Would he gain another stat? There were so many questions Quinn had no answers to.
He looked at Layla lying there peacefully. Right now, he was in complete control over his body and there was no urge for him to suck on Layla's neck again. After checking his teeth, he was thankful that they had gone back to normal.
That's when Quinn decided to look around the room until he finally found what he was looking for, a syringe with a needle. Quinn looked around the room and Hayley appeared to be busy dealing with another student. He carefully took the syringe and hid it behind his back and then quickly scooted over to where Layla was once more.
"I'm really sorry about this Layla," Quinn apologised to the girl, "But you're going to have to be my guinea pig."
Quinn took out the syringe and carefully looked at where Layla's veins were. Luckily Layla was quite pale making her veins more visible.
He carefully searched for the right spot and just when he was ready to extract some blood, he heard someone crash into the room.
"Is Quinn here?" a panicked boy's voice asked.
'Why's Peter here?' Quinn immediately put the syringe into one of his trouser pockets and came to see what his friend wanted.
"Quinn, thank god you're here.. Quick, I've been looking everywhere for you. It's Vorden, he's in trouble!"