When teleportation devices were first discovered there was hope that they would be able to set these to travel to wherever they wanted to. At last, the idea of colonizing planets such as mars was a dream come true.
Spacecraft had been invented but were unable to travel at light speeds needed to make it viable. However, they were able to create large portals that allowed ships to travel through.
But the dream was short-lived. The Portals were only able to pinpoint planets at a set location, a place that was not known to their universe, perhaps a whole different dimension altogether.
No one knew the truth and scientists could only theorize where exactly these portals led to, but what they did find was each of these planets harboured deadly beasts. Beasts that had never been seen before.
Then when the first beast was killed and harvested for research, the beast crystal located inside it was discovered. Inside the crystal contained a power far greater than anyone could imagine.
Although many would say the success of defending against the Dalki was due to the discovery of the originals. This wasn't exactly true, their abilities only took them so far in the war. There weren't many with powerful abilities strong enough to go against the Dalki.
Their technology was too advanced compared to humans, nuclear weapons would be portaled out somewhere before they even hit the ships and bullets did no harm to Dalki skin.
But then a new discovery was made with the beast crystal thanks to Richard Eno once again and that was the discovery of beast weapons. Humans combining their abilities with powerful beast weapons was the true turning point in the war, but not many people remember this fact as they were too fascinated with the discovery of abilities that happened nearly at the same time.
As Vorend jumped into the red portal he felt a tingling sensation all over his body. The world around him started to warp and displace and his mind felt like it was melting.
It wasn't a horrible feeling, in fact, the feeling received when travelling through the teleportation device even felt addicting to some.
A few moments later Vorden had arrived at his destination. He opened his eyes and the first thing he noticed was the place was incredibly dark.
The sky was black and the only light source available was from the two moons out in the distant sky. Around him were crumbled down buildings and structures, as if at one point the place was used to live in.
Vorden still had his hands held by his head but when he opened his eyes the pain started to go away and his mind started to clear up.
"It seems like the little one has finally calmed down," Vorden said. "Any longer and he might have come out and done something."
"What does that matter?" Raten argued, "Do you even know where we are, you jumped through that Red portal!"
Vorden then started to look at his surroundings, it was strange to see building structures around them. Buildings were the sign of humans or an advanced civilization and so far when discovering other planets there had been no signs of this.
When there was building work, it would usually be Dalki structure but this was clearly not Dalki based.
"Aren't the red portals meant to be unsheltered planets? This place looks like a broken shelter."
"I think you are forgetting something." Raten said. "While orange may mean it's in the process of being taken over and sheltered being places, Red can also mean it's too dangerous to build a shelter in the first place. You have basically given us a death sentence."
"What do you mean?" Vorden asked.
"Are you really being so stupid, sure you might have run through that portal so you didn't kill your friend but what's the point if we die instead. The only ability we have right now is that weak level one earth ability. If we run into a deadly beast we're doomed."
That wasn't the only problem, the place wasn't exactly thriving with people. Not many people had access to teleporters in the first place. Only green teleporters the public were able to use, and they were strictly monitored by the company that owned them.
Meaning the only people that would be around here would be travellers. With no people around and only a beast, Vorden was stuck with his one ability and it would only last him 24 hours.
Then a thought came to Vorden's mind. Quinn. The portal was unable to send you to a pinpoint location but it did put you in the same general area, at least within ten miles of each other. Still, ten miles was a great distance to cover and with the chance of the beast being around every corner, it would be hard to find Quinn.
For now, Vorden would look for a Portal back to the academy while also searching for Quinn.
*****
Somewhere on the same planet, Quinn had also arrived. His heart was beating rapidly as it was the first time he had experienced such a thing.
"Peter, what the hell was that!" Quinn thought, "Damn it, he must have pushed me through the portal, Where am I?"
As Quinn looked around, he could see the similar buildings around him all crumbled, torn and fallen down. The place looked like a city had once existed but had been left behind for years. However, there was one saving grace about the whole thing, on the planet it was currently night time.
Meaning Quinn didn't feel weak and had a better chance of surviving. However, before Quinn had even moved from the spot he was in, he spotted something from the corner of his eye.
He was standing in the middle of a street surrounded by crumbled buildings on both sides. But whatever was moving around was quick and was using the buildings as cover.
Quinn tried to follow whatever it was with his eyes but it would constantly move around until it had eventually stopped just underneath a pile of rubble from one of the buildings.
"In the movies, this is where the person would go check it out." Quinn thought, but there was no way he was going to do that. He was on an unknown planet and all alone and whatever it was, it was clear it didn't want him to see it.
Quinn started to back away, making sure to keep an eye on where he last saw the figure, then when he was a safe enough distance away, he finally turned around.
In that instant, a sound could be heard from behind, Quinn immediately turned around and could see a horrible figure running towards him, it clearly wasn't an ordinary animal and something he had only ever seen in books and TV, it was a beast.
****

EP-66 First Kill
Suddenly, Quinn could hear the sounds of something scurrying towards him at an amazing speed. As he turned the beast was now in full sight.
It was the same size as a large dog with the head of a rodent. Black in colour and running on all fours. He would have said it looked like a giant rat, however its body parts were muscular around its arms, while its body remained incredibly thin. So much so that the outline of its ribs could be seen.
When the creature was a few feet away it leapt in the air and claws appeared from the creature's two front limbs.
Quinn almost out of instinct swiped his hand letting out a blood swipe. The attack managed to hit the beast and sent it flying back.  The attack had caused a large cut to appear on the creature's stomach and black blood started to leak from the wound.
While the beast was taking the time to recover, Quinn decided to use his inspect skill.
\< Name: Rattaclaw \>
\< Basic tier beast \>
\< HP ? \>
\< ? \>
Unlike with humans, when Quinn used the status screen it would show their HP and blood type, but in this case, he had only received a name and the level of the beast.
Seeing the tier of the beast though, Quinn started to feel a little less frightened. He was in an unknown place and just because the beast was small in size, didn't mean it was a low tier. However, something like the Rattaclaw, even Quinn should be able to deal with it.
The Rattaclaw had recovered and charged straight for Quinn once again, seeing how the blood swipe was effective he waited for the beast to get close once again.
"Blood swipe."
But Quinn had underestimated the speed and the responsiveness of the Rattaclaw. It had learnt from last time what to look out for and jumped to the side avoiding the attack.
Then it dashed forward increasing its speed and jumped out at Quinn.
Just in time, Quinn had managed to shove his gauntlet into the mouth of the beast, as it's two big teeth clomped down onto the gauntlet, he heard a creaking noise.
\< Defense 1 \>
\< Durability of weapon has decreased by 50 percent \>
\< Strength has fallen 2 (3) \>
"You little crap, get off me!" Quinn shouted as he started swinging his arm, trying to shake the beast off but the beast had clomped down hard refusing to let go.
With the beast stuck to his arm, it was too dangerous for him to use blood swipe and too close for him to perform a hammer strike. All that was left was to do it the old-fashioned way.
Quinn then started to repeatedly pound the beast on its head with his other hand. With each blow, black blood would gush out of the beast. The blows were powerful and damaging to the beast and with each strike the grip started to loosen.
"If you had just stayed away, you could have lived!" Quinn shouted as he continued to punch the beast, until finally, its grip had come loose and it had fallen to the ground.
Quinn looked like he had just come off the movie off a horror set, his arm and clothes were now completely covered in black blood but he didn't care, for a message had appeared bearing great news.
\< Basic tier beast (Rattaclaw) has been defeated \>
\< 100 exp points gained \>
\< First basic tier beast killed, bonus Exp awarded, 200 Exp \>
\< First time killing (Rattaclaw) bonus Exp awarded 100 Exp \>
\< 880/800 Exp \>
Multiple notifications had been received at once and everything came as quite a shock to him. Not only did he receive more Exp for killing a beast compared to fighting against a human but he also received bonus points too.
Similar to when he faced a new power level for the first time, he had gained bonus points for killing a basic tier, as well as bonus points for killing this specific beast for the first time as well.
In a way, beasts were a gold mine for his system.
\< Congratulations, you are now Level 5 \>
\< Race: Halfling \>
\< HP 30/30 \>
\< 40/1600 Exp\>
\< Strength 13 (2) \>
\< Agility 15 \>
\< Stamina 12 \>
Levelling up had given Quinn one extra stat point. Looking at his stats now he decided to put the stat point into strength.
\< Strength 14 (2)\>
The reason for this was the skill Hammer strike, it needed a total of 15 strength to perform, while he had the gauntlets on they gave him an extra bonus of three strength but when the Rattaclaw had damaged the gauntlets the strength dropped to two.
If his gauntlets were to be destroyed, then he would no longer be able to perform Hammer strike correctly. So first Quinn decided he would get his strength up to fifteen before focusing on stamina and agility.
But the system still had one more surprise for him.
\<New skill unlocked \>
\< Blood spray \>
\< Blood spray: The user's palm must be open to perform this skill. From the user's palm, a spray of blood pellets will be realised spreading out covering a wide range. The closer the attack is to its target the more damage it will do\>
\<Cost -5 HP \>
The skill reminded Quinn of a shotgun he used to watch form the old movies. Where the small pellets would spread out hitting multiple targets. The problem was the cost of the skill.
5 HP was a huge amount and even with his blood bank Quinn would have to be careful when using it. The plus side was that it was a skill designed to hit more than one opponent.
If Quinn had Layla around, he would like to test the Blood spray out but he didn't know how long he would be stuck here, so it was best to reserve his HP and as much blood as possible.
Quinn then walked up to the dead beast on the ground. He had punched the creature so hard in the skull it was indented and blood was leaking everywhere.
Looking at the black blood it didn't seem appetizing at all. He wasn't drawn to it like regular human blood and it didn't give off a sweet fragrance either.
Still, there might come a time where Quinn was required to drink it so he needed to test it out.
"Inspect."
\< Rattaclaw blood \>
\< If blood is consumed is piousness to the body – 1 HP for every millimetre of blood consumed \>
It was expected. The signs were a giveaway that his body was telling him to stay away.
"I wonder why my body only accepts human blood."
The system had been oddly specific when his body started to require blood, this made Quinn think that even the blood of animals wouldn't work, even though some were red in colour just like humans.
Of course, there was one person who did know the answers behind everything, and that was the blonde man in the video.
The last thing he needed to do was rip or cut the body open and look for the beast core inside. It was a small crystal located in a different part of the body depending on the beast.
This could be used to either create more beast weapons and armour or even be sold for credits. Both of these would be a big bonus for him.
Suddenly though, the sound of something running was heard again, as Quinn looked up, the sight of ten Rattaclaws running in his direction.
Although Basic tier creatures were weak, it was odd for them to travel alone and Quinn had just gotten lucky.
After struggling to face just against one, he knew he had no chance against ten. All he could do was run. He ran down the empty street not knowing where he was heading.
But the Rattaclaws were fast and would soon catch up. That's when Quinn spotted a building, one that was far less damaged than the others. He went inside but the space was still too large, he then spotted a stairway to his right nearby.
After quickly running up the stairway and reaching the first platform he stopped and turned. He knew he had no choice but to fight back. The staircase was narrower than the rooms and he had the high ground.
With his palm open facing downward he was ready.
"Time to test you out."
****

EP-67  Beast Crystals
Standing on top of the platform Quinn had a clear view of the giant Rat like creatures coming towards him. He aimed carefully and then when they were about halfway up the stairs, he activated his skill.
"Blood spray!"
< 25/30 HP >
His arm jerked back as the skill activated and a strong force of blood left his hands spreading out. The five Rat's out in front were sent flying back and toppling down the stairs. However, the shot had only hit the ones in front and the Rat's behind quickly climbed over their fallen comrades.
Quinn decided to head further up the stairs to create more distance between him and the Rats, but then he could see there was a huge problem in front of him. Part of the ceiling from the floor above had crumbled and collapsed onto the staircase blocking his way.
There was no longer any space for Quinn to go up. He turned around and the Rats were just starting to ascend the second set of stairs. The Rats from before were quick to make a recovery and were behind them as well.
This time Quinn held out both hands with his palm wide open.
<Blood spray>
The first spray of blood left his hands and knocked the Rat's over, then when the group behind them started to ascend he cast blood spray again with his other hand.
< 20/30 HP >
< 15/30 HP >
The Rat's had fallen over and were badly hurt by the attack, but knew they would soon recover. There were several small holes over their body where blood would leak from but they just weren't deep enough to cause any serious damage.
He made sure to keep his distance away from them and stayed on top of the stairs. Although Blood spray was good at hitting multiple targets it wasn't as strong as blood swipe. Only the force of knocking them back was powerful.
If Quinn was to get close, he was afraid that the rats might recover and surround him, so there was only one thing he could do. He started swinging his hands out rapidly, aiming carefully at each Rat.
< Blood swipe >
< Blood Swipe >
< Blood swipe >
…..
As the red claw-like lines left his hands, at the same time he could hear multiple messages ding in his head.
< Rattaclaw has been defeated, 100 exp >
< 14/ 30 HP >
< Rattaclaw has been defeated, 100 exp >
< 13/ 30 HP >
....
The messages continued onward until eventually, all of the Rat's had been killed. Quinn then fell to the floor on his knees gasping for air. The continued use of the Blood swipes along with his new skill Blood spray had tired him out.
< 5/30 HP >
< Blood bank has auto activated >
< 30/30 HP >
< 50 millilitres remaining in Blood bank >
< 1040/1600 Exp>
< Congratulations, Blood swipe has reached Lv. 2 >
ChapterMid();
After sitting down for a few minutes and recovering his stamina Quinn was finally able to stand, he took a moment to take in all of the messages he had received.
Only half of his blood bank now remained. As long as he didn't get injured he only needed to consume 10 milliliters of blood every two days. This meant the remaining blood in his bank would last him a total of ten days. He didn't know how long he would be on this planet but he needed to be careful about using his skills.
If he got into a situation where he needed to fight, he needed to use his fists, and only rely on his Blood skills in an emergency like in this scenario.
Who knew if there was another human being on this planet?
There were only two good things that had come out of the whole situation, the fact that his blood swipe skill had leveled up. There was no change in the description on how it worked, but assuming it had now leveled up, he hoped it was now stronger.
If the system was like a game, then it meant the more he used the skill the quicker it would level up. The only thing Quinn was unsure about was whether or not using the blood swipe in the game had helped it level up quicker. There was no way for him to tell as there was no experience bar for his skills.
The second good thing that had come out of this, was the EXP he had gained. To gain the same amount of experience points as he had just gained at this moment, he would have had to play the game for days.
Quinn then walked up to the dead beasts on the floor. Before when he had killed the first Rattaclaw he didn't have time to extract the beast crystal from its body but inside the building, it seemed like he was safe from other creatures.
Using the tip of his gauntlets he tore open the beasts, he searched around inside the chest looking for a glowing crystal. Usually, someone doing this for the first time it would affect them. Maybe they would have even thrown up a few times searching around inside the organs of the beast.
But for some reason, Quinn felt like he was unaffected and it didn't bother him at all. He couldn't help but think ever since he had become a Halfling his view on what was normal and what wasn't was changing.
After searching around for a while Quinn finally found it. It was a small round crystal ball with tiny little bumps all over, and around the same size as an adult's fist.
< Basic tier Beast crystal obtained >
<Would you like to store it in your inventory?>
Then another message appeared.
"Inventory?" Quinn thought, "You mean I had one this whole time!"
Quinn selected the yes option and suddenly, the crystal in his hand slowly started to vanish away and finally, it had completely disappeared.
He then opened up his status screen and now there was a tab for inventory, as he selected the tab he could see the single beast crystal stored inside.
"I wonder if I can put anything else in there?"
Quinn then tried using his mind to store his gauntlets into the inventory, if he could store weapons and other things it would be really handy for future trips. He tried and tried but nothing appeared from the system.
Whenever he wanted to do something with the system in the past, all he had to do was think about it and it would work, but even taking off the gauntlets and touching them, thinking about the inventory while wearing them, nothing seemed to work.
Although he was able to make the crystal he had obtained appear into his hand and back into the inventory at will.
Quinn then went to extract the crystals from the remaining nine Rat's. Each time he did he found it easier than the last to locate it inside the body and every time he held a crystal in his hand, the system message would appear.
< Basic tier beast crystal (10) >
He had collected all ten and couldn't help but feel pleased with himself. The beast crystals could be used to turn into beast weapons or beast armor but looking at the rat-like creature Quinn had no idea what it could be used for.
Every beast crystal depending what beast it had come from had a different use and you could try to figure it out from what the beast was like.
For example, if a beast crystal was obtained from a large turtle-like creature then it would most likely be a defensive item that could be crafted. Maybe it could be turned into a shield or even a good piece of chest armor.
But regardless, even if the item created Quinn had no use for, the least he could do was sell the basic tier beast crystals. Each crystal sold would sell for a total of ten credits. Which meant he could either use the money to purchase beast gear himself or he could use it to spend more time in the game.
After tinkering around in his system and his stamina fully recovered, Quinn decided to try to climb up to the roof of the building. Even though the building he was in was safe, he was on a strict time scale and needed to find the portal back fast.
He walked around and looked for any cracks and gaps he could see in the stairs. Eventually, after making a few detours he had reached the top of the building.
The building was about three stories high and wasn't the biggest but at least he now had a better view of where he was. As he looked around all he could see were buildings that resembled human structures.
That's when he spotted something, one of the buildings without a doubt had the same crest as the school he attended.
"So this really is a human shelter, but then why is it all ruined and destroyed?"
The building was large in size and square-like but only two stories high, out of all the buildings around it, it was in better shape than all the others.
Quinn had recognized the building as they had one in the city, he was currently in. It was the military storage room. It was where they kept all their high-end equipment, ability books, skill books and beast weapons.
"There's a good chance the portal might be located in there?" Quinn then startled to smile, "Even if there isn't, I can't waste this opportunity."

EP-68 Guility People Run
Unknown to the students at the school there was currently chaos going on between the upper staff.
Fay, one of the sergeants of the school, was walking down the hallway at incredible speed. Even though she was only walking, she was causing gusts of wind to hit the students as she walked past them.
Using her ability, even her walking speed was faster than most people's top running speed. Eventually, she had arrived at her destination.
A single wooden door in the first-year building had a sign out front saying the words "General." On it.
"May I come in sir!" Fay said in a loud demanding voice.
"Sure," Nathan replied.
Fay barged the door open and quickly zoomed to Nathan's desk, the wind that came along with her caused papers to be flown and scattered all over the room.
"Hey, I was nearly done with that!" Nathan shouted.
As head of the first years, he was a busy person. He would normally be in charge of looking over the new students arriving and doing research into each of their backgrounds. It was important for the school to know who belonged to which family. As they needed to keep an eye on those with a more powerful background.
"The portals have been used!" Fay shouted, "Two students seem to have been registered to have gone through them."
Nathen started to pick up the papers that were scattered around the room one by one. "Is that all, well why don't you just go and get them back?"
"I'm afraid it's because they have gone through a red portal, sir."
Nathen then dropped all the piles of paper he had picked up from the floor. "What, how did this happen, weren't there meant to be guards stationed at the portal?"
"Apparently there was a scheduling conflict, when the guards changed shifts, their replacements never arrived."
Nathan then went to sit back in his chair as he struggled to think what to do. "Stupid parents, this is why I said we should have cameras stationed in the school, but it was hard enough to allow them to get those trackers put on them."
The original families had a big say in what went on and what didn't. Although it was compulsory for every person to go to military school for two years at the age of sixteen, the originals were powerful people in the outside world.
During the war, four big families emerged from it. Each power is as great as each other and equal to the military. The structure of the world had changed, money hardly meant anything anymore and a new system was put in place.
The credit system.
Those who were strong and able to contribute to the world, earned credits. An example of this would be those who could kill high-level beasts and obtain their crystals to make weapons.
While the others too weak to complete a task such as this, were continued to be treated as trash and a waste of space.
Of course, the families hated the idea of the military spying on their children. Afraid that they might try to learn their secrets.
"Do we know which students have gone through the portal?" Nathan asked as he picked up his cup of coffee and started to sip it.
"The first one is the student by the name of Quinn Talen."
Hearing this name meant nothing to him, he couldn't remember it so most likely it wasn't anyone important in the school.
"And the second one is Vorden Blade."
At that moment, Nathan spat out his coffee all over the table.
"Him again," After the incident with the second years Nathan decided to look into Vorden's family background a bit more, and if they were to find out, this would be bad news. "Make sure his family don't learn anything, we have to keep this a secret for as long as we can."
*****
The next day morning classes had started, today was the Day of the group assessment and the first-year students would be heading off to their first portal outing.
As class had started for the Day, Layla noticed that Vorden and Quinn weren't in their seats. However, Peter was in his and he had his head faced down looking at the ground.
"Hey Peter, do you know where Vorden and Quinn are today?" She asked.
Peter had completely ignored her.
"Hey, Peter..." She said as she placed her hand on his shoulder.
All she could feel was Peter's body shaking slightly.
"I didn't do anything!" Peter snapped.
"Huh, what?" Layla said, confused. "I was asking if you knew where Quinn and Vorden were, did they not come back to the dorm room yesterday?"
"Oh, sorry, yeah they were there when I went back," Peter said with his voice all shaky. "I don't know why they haven't come to class this morning?"
Layla noticed that Peter was sweating like crazy, it was normal for Peter to act a little strange but he was acting extra unusual today. She decided that it was most likely nothing for her to worry about and sat in her seat as usual.
"They wouldn't miss today, we're meant to go out Portal hunting as a team."
Just then Del had entered the room, he didn't have his usual cheery face on and instead had a bland serious look. "I'm afraid that I have to inform you all that today's portal outing has been cancelled for now."
Upon hearing the news, the students groaned and complained.
"What! But I wanted to test out my new beast weapon."
"Yeah, I was hoping to maybe kill a beast as well."
"Quit down!" Del said loudly, "This isn't permanent but at the moment the school staff are busy with another matter and until they are free, we will be unable to go on the outing."
A single student then raised his hand in the centre of the class.
As Del looked at the student he sighed.
"Yes."
"What matter are they dealing with.?"
"Now if I could tell you that I would have told you, wouldn't I?"
The class then continued as normal, a few of the students were still annoyed but then a big question was on everyone's mind, what happened and why was it suddenly cancelled?
Layla, on the other hand, was more concerned where Vorden and Quinn were. Why hadn't the teachers said anything about them not attending class? If they were injured in a fight last night then the guards should have picked them up and taken them to the nurse's office.
There was also a strict curfew for them and no one skipped class. Yet Dell hadn't mentioned a single thing about them.
As class ended the students continued to speak and it turned out that Layla wasn't the only one who was concerned about where Vorden and Quinn went.
Erin had then come over to where Layla was.
"Any idea about the other two?" Erin said bluntly.
"No, I have no idea, do you want to go look for them with me?" Layla asked nicely.
The two of them didn't know each other well and their interactions with each other so far had been short. It actually surprised Layla that Erin had come over to her in the first place.
"No thanks." Erin replied, "Now that the portal training has been delayed, I am in no rush to find them, but I came over to tell you some news I heard some students talking about."
Layla leaned in to listen carefully.
"Yesterday, while I was walking by two students, they overheard the Sergeant shouting at the general, something about two students going into the portals. My guess is that's the reason why this whole thing has been delayed in the first place."
Layla then stood up from her seat and grabbed Erin by the shoulders.
"Wait, what did you say!?"
Erin had moved her head slightly back, she was startled and confused by Layla's actions and felt a little uncomfortable.
"Don't you see, Vorden and Quinn have to be the missing students, no wonder Del didn't say anything about them."
Then suddenly, it felt like she was being handed pieces of a jigsaw puzzle one by one but there was still one missing piece and she knew exactly the person who could give her the last piece.
As she turned her head, she looked Peter dead in the eye.
Peter felt like Layla was staring into his soul, this whole time he had been worried. What if someone had seen him leave the portal room? What if the other first-years reported it was him? He hardly had any sleep last night and couldn't concentrate on anything.
Then when Layla had spoken to him in the morning he slipped up. He was trying so hard to act natural it had the opposite effect. And now the look in Layla's eyes told him she had figured out something.
As soon as Layla took a step forward, Peter got out of his seat and ran for it.
"Erin, we have to get Peter, he knows something."
"What makes you think that?" Erin asked.
"A person who isn't guilty doesn't run away for no reason."
****

EP-69 The Chair
Blood was dripping from the top of his head and started to go trickle down to his eyebrow. He lifted his hand to wipe the blood while holding a dagger made of mud in his other hand.
"What did I say, you got us killed Vorden!"
"Will you shut up, unless you want to fight the damned thing instead?"
On the floor in front of Vorden was a single defeated Rattaclaw, and next to it was another one unharmed and injured. When Vorden had arrived, he had encountered a Rattaclaw out in the wild.
Knowing that there were likely more basic beasts in the area and not wanting to attract their attention. Vorden had run into the closest building.
It was mainly a large empty warehouse with several broken crates and scrap metal piles all over the place. With only one entrance, he had no choice but to fight.
His skills fared well. Even though he only had the Level a one earth ability, Vorden was skilled. He placed his hand on the ground early on as soon as he had stepped foot on the planet and had transformed a piece of earth into a dagger. It was the weapon he was most comfortable with.
He managed to dodge the Rats attacks at the right time and slice at the beast. The only problem was the Rat's skin was tough and Vorden's powers were weak.
He didn't have monstrous strength and could only rely on the ability and skill given to him.
But eventually, Vorden managed to cause enough damage to hurt the Rat significantly and just as he was delivering the final blow, another Ratttaclaw had come up behind him. At the last second, he managed to react but its claws had still sliced the top of his head, causing three small marks to appear.
"Fine, then, let me take control of the seat and I'll fight this damned Rat."
Vorden then left the seat in his mind and allowed Raten to take his place. It was a pitch-black room with a single chair, and above the chair was a shining white light. The light above the chair was the only source of light in the whole room.
When Raten sat down, he took control of the body.
Meanwhile, Vorden walked off into the darkness and inside was another figure that looked just like Vorden, only they were sitting on the floor swaying backwards and forwards. Their fingers would constantly roll around each other and part of his shirt was in his mouth.
"How are you holding up, are you feeling better?" Vorden asked.
"Yeah, is Quinn going to be okay?" He said as he continued to sway backwards and forwards.
"I'm sure he's fine, you know he's special. We all did from the moment we first met him."
The other Vorden looked alike then smiled.
"Special, just like Casar was, and Marlin, and Fuffu but they all died as well."
Vorden gulped as he could see the swaying getting faster.
"This time is different, me and Raten are here to protect you, you can stay here as long as you want and when you're ready you can come out once again. Leave all the talk to me, all the fighting to Ratan and we can do this together."
The swaying started to slow down and at the same time so did Vorden's nerves.
As Vorden went to walk back to the seat he could see that Raten had already dealt with the beast rather quickly. The Rat was covered in several earth spikes that were piercing through its body from the ground. It's back tail had been cut off and black blood was falling from its mouth.
"Did you really have to go that far?" Vorden asked.
"That cheeky little crap ruined our body, I can't let it get away with that."
Raten then stood up from the chair and allowed Vorden once again to sit in the glowing light and the chair.
Vorden then proceeded to carve out the beast crystals from the two Rat's and placed them in his trouser leg pocket. It would have been a waste after defeating them just to throw them away.
But just as Vorden finished extracting the beast crystal, the sound of clanging was heard from behind. Vorden quickly turned around to see what it was, and to his surprise, it was a fully grown adult man, he had emerged from just behind one of the crates.
"I come in peace," the man said with his arms lifted up. Although the man quickly put his hands down and started to place his hand around his ribs.
Just from looking at him, Vorden could tell straight away the man was a Traveller and a skilful one at that. The equipment he was wearing was at least at the advanced tier beast level, and he had armour all over his body including two short swords on his back.
The man then sat down on the ground, to have a rest and lent his body up against one of the crates.
Vorden walked over to the traveller cautiously, it was rare to even meet a traveller in this type of place and who knew what the man's true intentions were. Someone had to be at least at a decent skill level to be asked to enter a Red portal planet.
"Don't worry I won't bite," the man said, "What's a kid like you doing in a place like this? I didn't know the military was that desperate that they were now sending a single student to a hell hole like this."
"I got stuck here, it was an accident and I need to find a way out."
Now that Vorden was closer to the man he had a clear few of him. He had short purple spikey hair and it had several marks on his face. By the way he was holding his side, it looked like he had some broken ribs too.
"Looks like we both have the same goal at least." The traveller said. "The names Ian, I came through another portal and was hunting out a beast in the wild, I was badly hurt and too far away from the original portal, so in a last-ditch effort, I decided to come to this abandoned shelter. I was hoping to either find some medical equipment that could heal me or maybe even a portal that led back to earth."
Ian then looked at the two dead Rattaclaw's on the ground.
"You're quite skilful to have defeated two of them on your own, especially for someone as young as yourself. You have my thanks, I was too badly hurt form the beast before, that Rattaclaw had chased me into the warehouse and I was waiting for it to go away. I never expected someone else to be here in this shelter."
"You're welcome" Vorden replied, "Well since we both have the same goal anyway, do you have any idea where the portal could be?"
"Sure, there were a few buildings I spotted on my way over here, it's best if we check them out first."
Vorden then held out his hand for a handshake.
"The name's Vorden."
Ian took out his hand and shook Vorden's hand.
"I look forward to us working together."
As the two of their hands connected, an energy started to surge into Vorden's body, and a smile appeared.
*****

EP-70 Intermediate beas
A few hours had passed since Vorden had first arrived on the planet and it seemed like it was still night outside. It was troublesome for him and made it harder for him to spot beasts. Especially in the rundown shelter where they could easily hide between buildings.
There was no light source anywhere since nearly everything seemed like it had been destroyed years ago and the only thing that was giving off light were the two moons in the sky.
Meaning while they were inside, it was even harder for him to see.
"Do you know when the sun will rise?" Vorden asked, "Maybe it will be best if we travel once the sunlight comes out, then we can spot beasts easier."
"You really don't know where we are, do you?" Ian replied, "This Planet spin cycle lasts an entire year and right now, we are only six months in. I'm afraid we won't be seeing light for a very long time. but if you want to wait six months, you go ahead."
With no sunlight, it was hard for Vorden to tell how long he had actually been on the planet and he could only guess. This was a problem for him. Right now Vorden had the earth ability as well as Ian, the Travellers ability but without knowing when 24 hours had passed. He wouldn't know when an ability would disappear.
After waiting a few more moments, Ian was able to stand up again, he winced a little as he stood up and placed his hands on his side. Vorden noticed it before but now he was sure of it, the man was badly hurt.
"You're wondering what happened aren't you." Ian said, "I was out hunting an advanced beast requested from a company. I don't know why they wanted it so bad, but it was from a specific beast that could only be obtained from this planet."
"Did you get it?" Vorden asked.
Just then Ian pulled out a crystal, the same size as Vorden had gotten from the Rat, only this one shined a lot brighter and had a clearer layer on the outside. The core itself of the crystal could be seen better. The clearer the crystal meant the higher tier beast it had come from.
Once the two of them were ready, they decided to head back outside, while Ian took the lead. They made sure to travel close to the buildings rather than in the middle of the street. If anything spotted them they could quickly dart inside for combat.
"Hey Vorden, I have an idea." Raten said, "Why don't we kill the adventurer while he's weak and get that crystal of his? We could sell it for a fortune or even make some really good equipment out of the thing."
"Are you an idiot, once we kill him then what would we do? His ability would only last for twenty-four hours, if we don't find a way out of here in time we would be completely done for."
Then suddenly Ian stopped as he spotted something.
"Look over there." Ian pointed.
In the middle of the street lay a single dead Rattaclaw, the two of them looked around before proceeding to move closer to it. When they arrived, they could see that the Rattaclaw had his head completely bashed in.
"It looks like it wasn't killed too long ago and had its head's been pounded in," Ian said as he bent down to get a closer look. Then he suddenly pulled out a beast crystal. "Whoever it was, they didn't have time to remove the beast crystal, they were probably being chased by something else. Strangely, I didn't expect to see one person here but it looks like there's now another."
"Hey, do you think that's your friend," Raten said.
"Maybe, it's hard to tell, we don't even know what Quinn is capable of Afterall," Vorden replied.
"Actually," Vorden said out loud. "I wasn't the only one who came through here by accident, my friend came here with me and I was actually hoping to find him."
"I won't ask for details." Ian said, "But don't get your hopes up, I was surprised to see you alive, never mind your friend."
After hearing from Vorden that there was another student here. Ian felt like he should try to help out. At least confirm whether or not this friend of his was alive. He knew that the Rattaclaw's rarely travelled solo which meant most likely he was chased by a few more after defeating the first one.
He started to inspect the Rattaclaw on the floor and found a trail of black blood. Single drops leading somewhere.
"Come on, let's go see if we can find that friend of yours."
The two of them continued to follow the trail until it eventually led them to a three-story building, as they entered the first floor it was mostly empty with no signs of anything, but Ian decided to continue to follow the trail of black blood that led up the set of stairs.
"What happened here?" Ian thought. As they walked up the first set, they could see more and more black blood splattered everywhere on the walls. Then when they walked up even further, the two of them were stunned at the scene.
Lying on the ground where ten Rattaclaws died, completely still each one with their beast crystal carved out.
"Who did this? Are there more people here, maybe another team on a mission?" Ian said. "I'm sorry, I thought perhaps the Rattaclaw outside was killed by your student friend but it looks like I was wrong. You would need at least a small team to take out ten at once like this."
Even Ian who was a well-established Traveller felt like he would struggle taking out Ten at once. Although the beast was of the weakest tier it was hard to imagine fighting ten of them and coming out unscathed.
"Do you still think it's your friend?" Raten asked.
"Probably not," Vorden replied, "But if there are others out there. I'm a little worried, just where is Quinn?"
The two of them then decided to climb to the roof. This way Ian had a bearing of where he was and could decide where to go next. They stood on top of the roof and looked down, that's when the two of them spotted something.
"Get down quick!" Ian said.
As the two of them laid on their front, they slowly peaked over the ledge of the roof to once again confirm what they had seen.
It was a beast that walked on six legs, three on each side, its body stood upright like that of a human while the bottom half was like that of a scorpion but then where its head should be, there was a single largemouth, for arms it had four large claws. It was a hideous beast that clearly wasn't from earth.
"An intermediate beast," Ian said.
As they continued to watch it, they saw the beast slowly enter into a building.
"Hey, what's that building?" Vorden asked, as he noticed the building was in good condition. "Could the portal be inside there?"
"That's the storage room." Ian answered, "I doubt the portal would be inside there, usually those places get targeted by thieves and such so they tend to not make the portal area so obvious and even if it was in there, it would be best if we let the beast leave first. The way I am now I would stand no chance against the thing."
****

EP-73 Skillbook grinding 
Seeing that the intermediate beast was patrolling around the storage room, Ian and Vorden had decided to go to a different part of the shelter. As Ian said it was most likely the Portal wasn't there in the first place.
Even though the portal was in a red zone, the portal on the other end still had to be placed in a safe place to make sure either beast from the other planet didn't enter it or destroy it. Of course, a party or a group could bring a portal with them to get back to their own world but these were very expensive.
Somone at Ian's level didn't have one of these devices because once they had been set up, they were unable to be taken back with them. It was a one-time use device.
"Any ideas of where the Portal might be?" Vorden asked.
"My guess is somewhere underground. It's safe from most of the beasts that way. Most likely they have a special building that looks like any other and a secret entrance."
"Wait, so are you saying we just have to keep going into buildings?"
"Well we can rule out all the residential buildings, they wouldn't be able to build a large enough base under those, and any of the small buildings or dangerous areas you can rule out as well. There are only so many big buildings that would be large enough to store a big base under."
The two of them continued to look into building after building but there was no luck or no sign of a secret room. Eventually, they entered what looked like a library. Although most of the books had been destroyed and several of the bookcases had fallen over as well.
That's when a loud rumbling sound had come from Vorden's belly.
"I guess we have been travelling for a while now, why don't we rest here for the night, it doesn't look like there are any beasts here and we can build our own fortress," Ian said.
The two of them then went up to the second floor of the building. There were large holes and broken-down walls on the first floor which made it easy for beasts to attack them. Once they had reached the second floor, the two of them started to lift up a few of the bookshelves.
It seemed like Ian had the ability of super strength seeing how easily he moved the heavy bookshelves, but Vorden knew that wasn't true. The reason why Ian seemed like he had extra strength was actually from the beast armour he was wearing.
Certain beast armour once above the basic tier had special properties. If the user was able to activate these properties, they could increase the base strength of the user. Giving him more power, extra speed. Overall, it just improved you as a human being and almost made you seem to be a superhuman.
Vorden could see Ian was still struggling though, most likely due to his injuries but there was no way he himself could move the giant bookshelves so easily. So instead Vorden helped out in his own way by clearing a space and moving all the books and piles of rubbish away.
ChapterMid();
After an hour or so they were done. Ian had moved the bookshelves to create a small type of fortress around them.
"It's a nice home isn't it?" Ian said proudly of his work. "Well, what are you waiting for, come on let's go inside."
As Quinn walked inside Ian followed behind and as he did, he pulled one last bookshelf around them, sealing them up in a cube-like shape surrounded by bookshelves. The room they were in was now pitch black.
Ian then punched part of the bookshelves with his fist, creating a hole in all four directions letting in a little bit of light, but more importantly, it was used to let them peek through and see if any danger was coming towards them.
He then pulled out a little small stone from his pocket and placed It on the ground in the centre of the room. He tapped the stone once and a warm orange light started to shine from it. The light wasn't very strong but in the small dark room, it made a huge difference.
"Here take this," Ian said as he handed a small circle pill to Vorden.
"Is this a food supplement?" Vorden asked.
"Yeah, I'm guessing if you came here by accident you don't have any with you."
Vorden looked at the pill before shoving it down his throat and into the stomach. A food supplement was a pill that contained all the things a human needed to live. As long as a person took one pill of these a day, they no longer needed to eat.
Although it gave humans enough calories and vitamins, it did nothing in terms of water continent. You would still need to find your own water source. Luckily in the shelter, it seemed like the waterworks in nearly every building were working.
So it wasn't a problem for Ian and Vorden.
"You get some sleep and I'll keep watch, then will do a little switch later on," Ian said. "Sounds good?"
"Yeah."
******
As he heard the sound of the door unlocking a grin appeared on his face that couldn't be contained.
"I love you system, I swear I'll never talk badly about you ever again," Quinn said as he stepped into the container.
But as he stepped in, his hopes of finding legendary beast equipment or stashes of beast crystals were soon lost. The room was simply filled with shelves of books, nothing else but books.
However, as soon as Quinn picked up one of the books closest to him his mind was quickly changed.
< Earth ability book level 1 >
< Unable to learn would you like to convert into 10 exp? >
It was a container room filled with ability and skill books. Although Quinn was unable to learn the ability, he immediately converted the book into exp points.
As soon as Quin decided to convert the book into exp, it started to vanish in his very hands as if it was disintegrating. A sensation was felt form inside and finally, the message had appeared.
< 10 exp gained >
< 1150/1600 exp >
After absorbing the first book Quinn started to pick up book after book. After going through the books Quinn found out that a level one skill book would give him 5 exp points while a level 1 ability book would give him 10 exp points.
If he had already absorbed that book again the system wouldn't even pop up with another message. It was a shame since most of the books inside the container were earth books that the military had the most control over.
Quinn got closer to the back of the container and found that the level of the books would increase. A level 2 ability book would gain him 100 exp points, while a level 2 skill book would gain him 50. This would be the case even if he had already absorbed the level 1 version of the ability book.
And finally, after absorbing multiple books another message had appeared.
<1650/1600 exp points gained >
< You are now level 6 >
****

EP-72 Inside the container
After leveling up Quinn immediately put his stat point into strength, and now without his gauntlets, his strength was at 15 meaning he would be able to perform the Hammer strike skill with or without the gauntlets.
As Quinn looked around the room there were still several books he hadn't even touched yet, the place really was a gold mine for him.
As he went onto the next set of shelves, with it came a new set of books. He placed his hand on the first one and it was the first Level three ability book he had come across.
\< Level 3 Earth ability book \>
\<Unable to learn, would you like to convert into 1000 Exp? \>
Quinn placed the book down and picked the book up making sure he had heard the system right, but once again the numbers he had received were correct. The level three ability book was offering him 1000 experience points.
Without hesitating, he had decided to absorb the book right away.
\< 1050/3200 points \>
Quinn then picked up the skill book right next to him and as he thought it too had offered him 500 exp points. So far it seemed like a skill book would offer half the amount of points that an ability book had to offer.
He once again went on rampage grabbing every book he could on the shelf, absorbing those that he couldn't and tossing the others on the ground. Although he would have loved to take the books with him as they would have sold for a healthy price.
The books so far were unable to go into his storage like the crystals and carrying them would just be more trouble than it was worth. After going through all the books Quinn was able to level up a total of two more times.
\< Level 8 \>
\< 45/45 HP \>
No new skills were unlocked but Quinn still obtained the regular stat points for every level up. Now that his strength and agility were at level fifteen, he decided he should finally increase his stamina points.
If there was a fight that needed him to perform flash step and hammer strike multiple times, he would definitely be in trouble. After putting the two points into stamina his stats were now looking a lot more even.
\< Strength 15 (2)\>
\< Agility 15 \>
\< Stamina 14 \>
\< 510/12800 exp\>
Although the Exp needed now was getting further and further away. Which made Quinn think if there was even a cap to his leveling, or would the exp amount increase so much that it was no longer possible to achieve.
Quinn had now nearly touched every single book that was in the storage room. Unfortunately, the highest ability Quinn was able to find so far was a level three ability book. The further he went into the container the higher the levels but for the last few shelves, it didn't seem to be the case.
It seemed like they were just duplicates of the other level three ability books. As Quinn picked up one book the system message didn't go off. It was because it was a level 3 earth ability book that he had already absorbed.
"Hey, maybe Peter could use this?" Quinn thought.
It was only one book, Quinn was sure he would be able to carry it safely with him. But as soon as he thought about Peter, a memory entered his mind and it wasn't a good one.
Peter was the whole reason why he was in this place, and he still didn't know how long he was going to be here or if he would even be able to survive. To be honest, Quinn was just trying to make the best out of a bad situation at the moment.
As he thought about Peter, anger started to enter his mind and body and he ripped the book up. He was willing to hear Peter out if he ever got out of here alive but Quinn would no longer help him.
If someone like that betrayed you once, for whatever reason, it only meant there was a chance that the same thing could happen again.
Then as Quinn looked around the container, he noticed there was one shelf at the very back of the room where he hadn't been yet. He didn't bother going over there yet because it looked empty from a distance, but as he got closer, he noticed there was a single book that had been placed there.
As he touched the book on the shelf, a new message appeared.
\< Level 6 ability book Shadow element \>
After seeing the first message appear Quinn couldn't wait to see how much experience points a level 6 ability book would give. Perhaps it would finally shoot him up to level ten and he would unlock the use of the shop in his system.
But then something unexpected happened.
\< Ability is compatible with system \>
\< Would you like to learn? \>
Out of shock Quinn dropped the book back onto the shelf and took a step back.
Out of all the books in the room, it was the first time he had ever received a message of this kind. He wasn't even sure it was possible but the system was clearly telling him he could learn the ability.
Then Quinn started to think back to the name of the ability "Shadow element." It was something he had never even heard of before and Quinn was quite knowledgeable about the abilities of the world.
He then picked up the book once more just to make sure and the same message had appeared. After thinking about it for a long time, he decided he would try to place the book in his storage. It hadn't worked with the other books previously but he thought it might work with this one.
And to his surprise, it worked. The ability book was safely put into his system storage with his beast crystals.
Before learning the ability, Quinn wanted to make sure he could find out more about it first. Maybe then he could find out why it was compatible with his vampire system and if so, maybe they were other abilities that would be compatible as well.
If that was the case, Quinn didn't want to rush into things. Usually, a human being was only able to use one ability for their whole lives and it could be the same for him.
As he continued to level up and get stronger, he thought about it more and more.
His system wasn't an ability, the book that was gifted to him by his father wasn't an ability book but it had completely changed him. He was no longer Human but something else altogether and it was why his abilities had worked inside the game and why he had received the option to learn another ability.
This was the only conclusion he could come to.
After storing the book away, he decided to close the door to the container unit and remain inside. It was safe here and he was starting to feel tired, at least he knew the container was strong enough to protect him from whatever beast remained outside.
He lied on the floor and in an instant closed his eyes.
****

EP-74 Fight or Wai
His body was pressed against the cold hard floor, his eyelids slowly started to open and all he could see was a white light. For a moment while Quinn was sleeping, he had forgotten about everything that happened.
But as soon as he looked around him and realised where he was and he knew that everything wasn't a dream. Right now he wasn't at the school but was on a completely different planet miles away from home.
As he stood up and started to stretch, there was no way for him to tell how long he was out for but his body felt good. It was a surprise that he slept so well on the floor without a bed. Without realizing it, he was more exhausted than he thought.
Not only physically exhausted from fighting against the beast but also mentally exhausting, the constant fear of the unknown was a terrible thing that slowly would eat away at him.
\< Your hunger grows. \>
\< Daily quest complete, avoid direct sunlight for eight hours \>
And at last, the system message had appeared, this meant that in one more day's time the system would inform him that he needed to consume human blood. He was okay for now as he still had fifty millilitres of blood in his bank.
As long as he didn't get in any more fights, he would be fine. The most important thing for him to do now was to find that portal.
As he went to open the steel door, Quinn was half expecting that the sun might be out, after all the message appearing meant it was a new day. However, he was unsure whether the system clock was related to the time on earth.
The daily quest reset every day at midnight, but if he was in another country, midnight would be different and right now he was on another planet.
But as he opened the door, he was surprised to see it was still night out, however, his mind was quickly distracted by something else.
Quinn immediately closed the door back up to the container, he placed his hand on his chest feeling his heart beating at an incredible speed.
"What was that!" Quinn thought. "That was no Rat, that's for sure."
This time Quinn went to the steel door again. He placed his hand on the Metallic handle once again and slowly opened the door to take a peak and as he did a large beast stood inside the hanger.
With the body of the human but the bottom half of a scorpion-like creature, Quinn couldn't make out what it was. From the human half of its body, it also had two claws on each side.
"Inspect."
With his new inspect skill it seemed to now work at a greater distance.
\< Scordana \>
\< Intermediate level beast \>
After finding out what little information was available about the beast, Quinn quickly closed the door once again.
Although Quinn had grown three levels while inside the container, he still felt like dealing with an intermediate beast would almost be impossible for him.
The weakest of intermediate beasts were at least 10 times stronger than a basic tier beast. Of course, this would depend on the beast, for there were some beasts that were just easier to deal with than others no matter what tier they were at.
But looking at the creature, Quinn could tell it would be a tough battle. Instead, he decided to remain inside the capsule until the beast had eventually disappeared. It wasn't here when he first entered so there was always the chance it could leave.
After waiting for what felt like a considerable amount of time, He decided to open the door once again to check if the beast was still there and unfortunately it was.
That was when Quinn noticed something else that was in the hanger that wasn't there before, there were three round objects right next to the Scordana placed in a pile of scrap metal.
"Are those eggs?" Quinn thought, "Inspect."
\< Scordana eggs \>
\< Intermediate beast level \>
As he saw the eggs a horrible thought had entered his mind. Quinn hadn't noticed them before, meaning she must have just laid them out while he was in the container, or they might have been hidden somewhere.
But the first was more likely, now the fact that her eggs were here, meant the beast would protect them until they hatched or at least it wouldn't be moving for a while.
Quinn had two options, he could continue to wait in the container hoping that the mother would have to go out and hunt for food for herself in a while, but beast bodies were completely different compared to humans.
Sometimes a single meal could last them weeks before they had to go hunting again for another one. This felt like a risky option for Quinn for he himself was on a time frame.
Then there was the second option, if the Scordana had just given birth then there was a chance she was weaker compared to usual.
With the second option, he had to make a decision as soon as possible. The longer he waited the more chance the beast had of recovering.
In the end, Quinn gritted his teeth and stepped out of the container. Before even thinking of fighting against the beast he would try his best to sneak out.
The entrance to the front of the hanger was completely destroyed, the beast when entering had ripped apart the two metallic doors before coming in. The problem was the beast was blocking that exit but that still left Quinn with the small hole in the wall from where he had entered.
Carefully moving in between piles of scrap metal and rubbish, Quinn slowly moved across the room to the other side where he had first entered.
Then when he finally had reached the hole, he could see something else entering from the other side. It was a Rattaclaw.
"Oh no!"
As soon as the Rattaclaw pulled its body through the small hole It immediately looked up to see Quinn. Before he even had a chance to run away, Rattaclaw started squealing like mad.
"Shut up, why did you have to come here now of all times."
Then the sound of several steps was heard from behind. Quinn didn't have to turn around to know what it was but he did so anyway and as he did, a giant claw was swung down towards his head.
"Flash step."
At the last second, Quinn performed his flash step skill avoiding the claw but he couldn't say the same for the Rattaclaw. It had been completely hammered and smashed to the ground in a single strike.
"I guess we're doing this then!"
****

EP-75 Not A Game
Now that the Scordana had spotted Quinn, he had no choice but to stand his ground and fight. In a red portal planet, there would be more dangerous and higher tier beasts than an intermediate one.
Although he could make a run for it and head outside, the commotion caused might attract even more dangerous beasts and that was the last thing he wanted.
Looking at the squashed Rattaclaw, he could tell the beast was powerful and he needed to avoid getting hit by those claws. Already using the flash step had taken a considerable amount of stamina and at most, he was able to perform it one more time during the fight.
As the scorpion creature turned, it immediately started charging forward. Hoping to scare it away and do some damage, Quinn let out two Blood swipes. This time the attack was more powerful than before. The lines looked thicker and larger as they left his hands.
The level two increase in the skill, on top of his extra stat points in strength, had really improved the attack. However, the Scorpion wasn't stupid and covered itself with its four claws blocking the attack.
As the Blood swipe made impact, the scorpion was pushed back a few steps but no damage could be seen, not even a white scratch mark on the claws.
"Damn it, the scorpion's claws are an exoskeleton!"
An exoskeleton beast meant that the beast's skeleton was on the outside, making the outer shell incredibly hard. As Quinn looked and inspected the creature even closer, he could see that every part of the beast was covered in some type of shell, apart from the upper body.
That was the beast's weak point and that's where he needed to hit.
With a plan set in his head, Quinn charged forward once again, the scorpion opened up its four claws ready to attack. The first claw came down, swiftly he was able to dodge the attack, then the next set of claws followed.
Avoiding the claws was difficult but right now Quinn was in full concentration mode, as the fourth claw came out to attack him, the beast's body was now wide open.
Then as Quinn readied his hand to cast his blood swipe skill, he felt a sharp pain in his back. As he looked up, he could see something connected to his body and when he followed it, it went behind the beast.
"A tail that wasn't there before?"
The beast then lifted Quinn with the tail and chucked him hard up against the wall. As he fell to the ground his HP had taken a huge hit.
\< 13/45 HP \>
As Quinn looked into his stomach, he could see a large puncture had been created and blood was quickly flowing out of his body.
\< Critical hit \>
\< 12/45 HP \>
\< 11/45 HP \>
\< 10/45 HP \>
As the blood continued to leak out of Quinn's body, so did his HP. In order to stop his HP from continuing to drop he had no choice.
\< Blood bank \>
\< 10 millitiers have been used \>
\< 40 milliters remaining \>
\< 15/45 HP \>
As he absorbed the blood, the puncture in his stomach slowly started to heal but it wasn't going to be enough, he needed more blood and with the Scordana charging towards him he needed it fast.
"Just use it all!"
\< Blood bank empty \>
\< 35/45 HP \>
With his health nearly full, his wounds had healed up almost instantly and Quinn was able to move once again. Looking at the scorpion he noticed the tail truly wasn't there.
"Is it able to take it into his body and out at will, this is going to be a pain."
If it wasn't for all the level's up he had received while in the container, he would have already been a dead man and with no more Blood bank, Quinn was unable to take another blow.
There were no more second chances.
Hoping to stop its charge forward, he threw blood swipe after blood swipe. The beast held up all four of its claws and crossed it against its body, protecting it at all times.
But the beast was powerful and continued to push through despite the blood claw's coming towards it. It got closer and closer but Quinn never stopped using his blood swipes.
\< 30/45 HP \>
\< 28/45 HP \>
….
A battle of strength was being displayed between the two. The red swipes were powerful and started to knock the beast back and eventually, even the claw's started to crack but neither of them gave up.
\< 13/45 HP \>
But Quinn couldn't keep it up, if he carried on using the blood swipes then he soon would completely run out of HP, he had no choice but to change his plan.
When the beast was close enough, finally the tail was revealed from above. While its claws covered and blocked its body from the swipes, its plan was to attack from above with its long, large tail.
As it fired its tail downward, just before the tail could pierce Quinn again.
"Flash step!"
Suddenly, Quinn was no longer in front of the scorpion and now was directly behind it. He gathered all his strength from the bottom of his body. It rose up into his fist and as he slammed down his foot, at the same time he pulled back his hand and released all the power he had into his attack.
"Hammer strike!"
As soon as the blow had hit the beast's soft human upper body, a large hole was created, it was around the size of a human head and a chunk had been taken out allowing him to see completely through the beast to the other side.
Then a few moments later, the beast had collapsed to the ground and so had Quinn, completely exhausted. As he lifted his hands his gauntlets had completely shattered. They were too damaged from the Rattaclaw's bite from before and it was unable to take the impact of his Hammer strike.
The gauntlets no longer gave Quinn the extra attack power it did before but it was hard for him to be upset for long for a number of messages had appeared.
\< Scordana has been killed 1000 exp \>
\< first intermediate beast kill 5000 exp \>
\< first Scordana killed 2000 exp \>
\< 8250/12800 \>
Although Now that Quinn was a higher level, it took a considerable amount of Exp to level up once more. Right now he had a serious problem, his health was incredibly low.
13/45 HP and with his blood bank empty there was no way for him to heal it back to normal.
Then a thought came to his mind, if his system was like a game, if he leveled up would his health heal back up?
As he looked around the room, he noticed the three egg's still there in the metal pile heap. After waiting a few moments for his stamina to rise back up, he walked up to the dead Scrodana's body.
He had no hard feelings tearing the beast's body apart as he looked for the beast crystal inside. Before the old Quinn might have shown compassion and been respectful but the fight he just had, was showing him that even on other planets, the strong ruled.
Before even when he got bullied at school it was never like this, of course, the strong ruled at school and he couldn't do anything about it but he never came close to dying. He just took several beatings but for the first time, he truly felt like he was close to death.
Finally, after tearing and rummaging through several limbs the beast crystal was obtained and stored in his system once again.
Now Quinn looked at the eggs in the room, as he went forward, he lifted one of the eggs. They were large and about the same size as football. He took a few steps back before lifting it into the air and slamming it into the ground.
Black blood had been splattered all across the floor and a little half-grown scorpion could be seen inside.
\< Scordana Egg killed 1000 exp \>
\< first Scordana egg kill 2000 exp \>
\< 11250/12800 exp \>
To Quinn's surprise, the system had counted the egg as a new beast kill so he also received the bonus points for that too.
He then went over to the over two eggs and threw them both to the ground similar to the first one.
\< Scordana egg killed 1000 exp \>
\< Scordana egg killed 1000 exp \>
\< 13250/12800 exp \>
\< Congratulations you are now level 9 \>
\< 13/50 HP\>
…
…
As Quinn looked at the information displayed, for the first time he was unpleased with a level up. The system hadn't given his health back like he thought it might have done. Although his HP had increased nothing else had changed.
It made him realise that although his system was like a game, it wasn't. This was real life and the next message made him realise that even more.
\<Your hunger grows\>
\<You can no longer suppress your need for blood\>
\<Your HP will decrease by -1HP every hour until you have consumed Human blood\>
****

EP-76 Find the Portal
Due to Quinn's energy and most of his blood being used in the fight earlier, his body was now no longer naturally healing itself. He was too hungry to heal and would need blood.
As Quinn looked at his system, a certain number stuck out to him and it was all he could hear in his head, the number Thirteen.
"With thirteen points that's thirteen hours before I reach 0 and that's only if I don't use any of my skills or get injured along the way."
He was really struggling with what to do, should he sit and wait, perhaps the school would send someone after him, or should he walk around and try to find the portal. If he did, there was the chance he could run into more beasts on the way.
"I have no choice, I have to try to find the portal," Quinn said.
This was his only option. In reality, he would have liked to think the school would have sent someone after him. This might have been the case if Quinn had a strong family backing him or he was a potentially high-level user but Quinn was none of those.
He was an orphan with no family backing and the school still believed he was a level 1 user, someone with no ability. Why would they bother risking their lives for someone like him? It just didn't make any sense even to him.  He had no choice but to soldier on.
Before leaving the hanger, Quinn had to think hard about just where the portal would be. All he knew was that they had to place it somewhere safe. Somewhere the beasts wouldn't be able to get to it.
The shelter was a big place though with many buildings, it wasn't as big as the city the school was in, but still big. To get from one side of the shelter to the other it would take him at least two hours and that was walking at a decent pace.
As he walked through the city, he decided to tread very carefully. Even if he came across a basic tier beast, it would cause all sorts of problems for him. As he walked through the city he went through at an incredibly slow pace.
Once in a while, he would come across a building with beasts inside. Although Quinn's eyesight was incredibly handy in situations like these. The beasts too had good eyesight in the darkness for they had lived on the planet but this seemed to be even better than theirs.
As he entered the buildings there would be cases where Quinn had spotted them far up ahead in the darkness, he quickly would shift and hide in the shadows or behind wall's waiting for the beasts to leave and when he was ready, he would zoom past and around.
With no direction to go in and just simply wandering around, Quinn had already used up two hours of his time exploring the place.
\< 11/50 HP \>
The hunger in his belly was starting to distract him and it was getting harder for him to focus as his health had gone down.
Then finally, Quinn had spotted another building that was relatively in good condition. It was a large dome-like shape building. The training centre, a place where Travellers could come and test out their skills or practice with new equipment.
The outside of the dome was made with special material in case practice matches got a bit out of hand and a stray attack would hit the outside now and then. It was capable of withstanding attacks from some of the strongest beasts and power level users.
"No wonder it's in good condition," Quinn said as he looked at the building.
It was the only other place Quinn could think of where the portal could be kept safe. The place was large and had a sturdy outside that was yet to be destroyed.
As Quinn got closer to the dome building, he noticed there were several mechs stationed outside that had been destroyed. Their cores completely ripped out.
Mechs were a powerful device used in the war but to power them they required an incredibly powerful beast crystal of a high tier.
It was a strange thing because the higher power levels preferred to use their own abilities, while the lower power levels could never afford to use such a thing. Most of the mechs were used by the military or private companies that hired Low-level travellers to operate the thing.
However, it was a double-edged sword for a low-level Traveller. Usually, they would come with contracts, if the mechs were ever destroyed then the user would be asked to pay for them. Of course, a low level in their whole lifetime could never afford to pay back something as expensive as a mech. Causing them to forever be a slave to the company.
Just another one of the changes that had happened after the war with the Dalki. During the War Humans were brought together to fight the common enemy but once the treaty was signed the greed of humans was shown.
If the Dalki knew how ununited earth was at the moment, Quinn was sure earth would lose the way it was right now.
That's why he needed to get stronger, to protect himself.
As he reached the entrance of the training centre, he could see that two Rattaclaw's were standing out in front of the building. Before entering he decided to walk around the large dome carefully to see if there were any other entrances, but there were none besides the first one he had seen.
He returned back to the entrance and was hidden behind one of the destroyed mechs around thirty meters away from the entrance. Even though he had walked around for about thirty minutes the Rattaclaws remained there unmoving.
He decided to wait a little longer hoping that the Rattaclaw's might move.
\< 10/50 HP \>
But as he saw the message bring his health down once again, he was only getting even more aggravated. The Rat's didn't look like they would be leaving any time soon and Quinn needed to come up with a plan.
***

EP-77 Losing it all
As Quinn looked around him, he found a broken piece of the mech nearby, it was a long metal shape that looked similar to a pole but he had no idea what part of the mech it was used for.
He picked it up and looked off into the distance. He aimed carefully at another mech that was destroyed, far up ahead and off to the side of the entrance.
Using all his strength he threw the piece of metal a great distance. It was an amazing feat and looked almost super human, of course, Quinn was only able to perform this because he had super strength compared to others.
The piece of metal landed exactly where he was aiming for making a large clang sound as it fell on the mech. The Rat's then looked up at where the noise was coming from and quickly scurried off in the direction of the sound.
"This is my chance."
Quinn, using all the powers in his legs, bolted for the entrance. He had finally reached the dome-like building.
The entrance was like a hallway surrounded by a wall on either side and just a little further up where there were two steel doors.
He tried pushing the steel doors open but there was no luck. He noticed that the doors were undamaged just like the rest of the building meaning most likely it was made out of the same material. As he looked around the door for anything, he spotted another access code machine.
He immediately rushed forward placing his hand on the machine and used his inspect skill.
"I hope these works don't let me down."
\< An access code machine linked to the two steel doors. The combination is 33346253778 \>
However, just as Quinn was inputting the code into the machine, the Rattaclaw's had returned. As the beasts saw him, they shrieked and called out another two of its friends. There were now four of the things.
As he heard the sound of the beasts behind him, his hands started to shake.
"Come on… Come on!"
*Beep
"Damn, I must have put in the wrong number!"
His nerves were getting the better of him and his concentration had been broken. He used his inspect skill once again making sure he had the right code. He started imputing the numbers again when he suddenly felt something chomp down onto his leg.
\< 9/50 HP \>
As he looked down it was one of the Rat's and the other three weren't too far behind it. Quinn then swung his fist down as hard as he could at the Rat smashing its skull into pieces. The Rat was forced to let go but still wasn't dead.
The other three were now too close and he no longer had any time to input the code.
"Flash step."
Then Quinn was suddenly behind them, but he was still too close to the four Rats. Flash step only had a distance of five meters at most.
The Rats turned and all ran forward towards him.
"I have no choice!" He held out his palm and fired. "Blood burst."
A shotgun-like spray of blood was released from his hand and it knocked back all four of the Rat's, killing the already injured one.
\< 4/50 HP\>
\< 100 exp \>
He then rushed forward to one of the Rats on the ground, held both hands together and slammed it down on another Rat's head killing the second one.
\< 100 exp \>
Now the other two Rat's had recovered and were quickly after Quinn once again. Out of desperation he swung his hands and activated his blood swipe, although this time, the blood swipes were strong and had killed each one in a single attack.
\< 100 exp\>
\< 100 exp \>
\< 850/25600 exp \>
\< 2/50 HP \>
With his time running incredibly low, Quinn didn't even bother to get out the beast crystals, there was also the fear that more beasts might be coming. He went up to the door this time inputting the code correctly and as he entered, he shut the door behind him making sure it was locked.
He was now in what looked like a reception area, a canteen of sorts with several seats and a desk at the front. It was in top condition compared to the rest of the city. In fact, it looked like an entirely different place.
There were two hallways, one leading to the left and one leading to the right, both with the words training centre written on them.
With his health running low, he had less than two hours to find the portal. He entered the main training hall. It was a large room with several seats in the stands. It reminded Quinn of the game as it looked similar. Everything was white in colour and had a modern empty look to it.
But as Quinn stared at the empty field in the centre, all he could see was disappointment. The arena down below was completely empty. There was not a single thing down there, not even a scrap of metal, never mind a portal.
Quinn fell to his knees in despair. He felt like this was his last chance. There was no way he had the time to go walking around the city looking for another room with a portal.
But he didn't give up yet. He lifted himself up off the ground and searched and searched around the training centre. He searched in the preparation rooms, the offices, the gym and even back in the reception area.
But nothing, there wasn't a single thing he could find. He now laid there on the floor in the centre of the arena. Looking up at the ceiling.
\< 1/50 HP\>
The pain in his stomach was too strong, his vision was now blurring up and he could no longer think properly or move.
"So this is how my life ends huh." Quinn said, "Mum, Dad, why did you leave me on my own, why did you give me this book. I thought when I got this book maybe I might be able to change something but I guess not."
Then the final hour had passed.
\< 0/50 HP \>
\< HP has reached 0 due to Hunger \>
\< Transformation will now begin \>
****

EP-78 New Destination
That night Vorden struggled to sleep just like every other night.
He couldn't remember the last time he got a good night's sleep.
Some nights he was able to sleep peacefully and dream just like any other person but then there were times where his mind was sent to the back room. At that time no one was sitting in the chair, no one was in control.
Lately, this has been happening more and more frequently.
In the black room, the three of them would usually talk to each other while the body rested but he always had a worry when he was in that room.
The chair was empty, at any point and time, anyone of them could sit in the chair and take control. For now, Vorden acted as the gatekeeper but that was only because the little one allowed him to.
That's when he felt a slight tug on his arm.
"Hey wake up kid, it looks like you were having a nightmare," Ian said.
As Vorden opened his eyes he looked around and noticed that he was still in the pitch-black room.
"Oh, sorry about that, I hope I wasn't making too much noise," Vorden replied.
"Well this is a scary place, a kid like you shouldn't be here on their own in the first place, so don't worry about it." Said Ian, "Do you mind if we swap for a bit?"
Ian then switched places with Vorden. While Ian lied on the uncomfortable hard floor, Vorden would look out of the gaps in the bookshelf, keeping watch.
In almost an instant from behind him, Vorden could hear the sound of Ian's loud snores. Unlike him, Ian was able to get to sleep almost instantly.
"Hey Vorden, so if you aren't going to kill him now what about when we find the portal?" Raten asked. "The advanced crystal he is carrying would be very helpful to us and no one would find out. You've seen how weak he is and now we have his ability it would be easy to finish him off."
"While I'm in charge nobody gets hurt," Vorden replied, getting annoyed.
"Fine but one of these days when we're in trouble, I won't be coming to help you, and when he sees you're doing a bad job, I will be put in charge instead and I am not going to let you decide a single thing."
When doing nothing it was hard to tell how much time had passed. Vorden didn't even know how long he had been asleep for and with the sky always showing black, he had no way of knowing.
After waiting what felt like an entire day, it seemed like Ian had finally woken up. As he lifted himself off the ground, he continued to wince in pain and hold onto his ribs.
"I'm telling you, I can't wait to get home," Ian said.
Vorden turned around to look at Ian, seeing that he was struggling to get up, he offered his hand once again and pulled him up from the floor.
But as Ian got off the ground, his face suddenly dropped, in one of the hole's he had made, all that could be seen was a single large eyeball looking through.
Ian immediately went to his waist and grabbed a small dagger throwing it at the beast's eye. Using all his strength and the added stats of the equipment he was wearing, the dagger flew right through the eye and out the other end killing it in a single blow. Then when he pulled his hand back the dagger flew back into his hand.
"Let's get out of here!" Ian shouted as he kicked one of the shelves knocking it over. As the two of them climbed on top of the fallen shelf they could see that they had been surrounded.
All around the library, on top of the ceiling, on the side of the walls, were multiple slug-like creatures everywhere. They had a single large eye on its head and sticking out of its sides were multiple tentacles coming from the beast's underbelly.
"I thought you were keeping a lookout?" Ian said.
"I was but the small space would only let me see so far."
Vorden was a little distracted deep in his thoughts but even so, it was hard for him to see beasts like these. For they were able to scale up the side of the walls and hang from the ceiling.
They were completely surrounded not just around them but also above as well. A few of the slug creatures dropped from above, while the ones around them reached out with their tentacles.
There were too many attacks at once, Ian then held out both of his hands with his palms open, objects from all over the library started to vibrate. Slowly they were moving along and coming towards him as if they were being pulled by an invisible force.
Then shards of metal from all over came flying towards the two of them at an incredible speed. "Stick close to me kid!" Ian commanded and Vorden did as he was told.
The pieces of metal from all over the library and a few pieces from outside had come towards the two of them and formed a ball completely made out of scraps of metal surrounding the two of them.
The beast from above fell on top of the metal ball but no damage was done as they slid off. The tentacles from the slugs outside started to attack and made dent's in the ball, loud clanging sounds could be heard from inside as they continued to attack. The force of the tentacle strikes were similar to someone swinging a bat and it would only be a matter of time before the metal ball broke.
"Repel!"
At that moment, the ball exploded with an incredible force, just how the scrap metal had been pulled together, it was now being pushed out. Little pieces of scrap metal were flung out so hard it had caused several puncture wounds in the beast's body killing them all as it went through their brains and hearts.
"Good thing this planet is covered in metal huh," Ian said with a smile on his face. "Come on then, let's not waste these crystals."
The two of them went up to the dead slugs and started to carve out the crystals. At that moment in time when the slugs had surrounded them, Vorden had tried to activate his earth ability that he had gotten from Peter on one of the beasts but there was no such luck.
Which meant that he had at least been on the planet for twenty-four hours now. However, he still had Ian's ability handy. Touching him in the library had reset the time frame, so even if Ian was unable to fight or they got separated, Vorden would still be able to use the ability for another twenty-four hours.
After gathering the crystals Ian had handed Vorden half of them.
"Here, take it."
"I can't, I didn't do anything."
"Look these are only basic tier crystals, I could earn these in my sleep."
"Fine," Vorden said.
Although Vorden had agreed, he had no space to put the crystals anywhere. He hadn't brought a bag, a pouch or a storage unit with him.
After all, it was an unexpected visit. For now, Ian said he would keep the crystals until they returned back to earth.
Finally, it was time for the two of them to leave the library and search for the portal once again. The two of them made sure to not attract any beast on their way and to their luck they hadn't come across any more dangers.
Then finally the two of them spotted something.
"You see that, now if I was going to put a portal anywhere, I would put it in there," Ian said pointing at the large dome building.
"What is it?" Vorden asked, "It looks like a training centre."
"That's exactly what it is, and it looks like it was well built, the beast around here haven't even been able to scratch it, and it's big enough to build a secret base underneath."
The two of them continued walking forward with their next destination in sight, the training centre.
****

EP-79 Entering the Centre
Just outside the large dome-like building, Vorden and Ian were preparing to enter. The front of the dome was an open field filled with all sorts of junk. It looked like a battle had taken place outside.
They carefully made their way along the field of broken rubbish and Mechs, keeping cover while inching their way closer and closer to the entrance.
After looking left and right for any beasts nearby and seeing that there were none there, they decided to make a dash for it.
As they ran forward, they reached the hall and moved towards the door but stopped just outside as something had caught their eye. Ian bent down to have a closer look at something lying on the ground.
"More dead Rattaclaw's. Another group of them, even," Ian then dipped his finger into the black blood. Even though it was slightly dry, it seemed pretty new. "It doesn't look like they have been dead for long. Looks like someone's already in there."
Vorden didn't want to say anything but he was hoping that it was Quinn. However, as he walked past the dead Rattaclaw's, if it really was Quinn, it seemed like the secret he was hiding from Vorden was bigger than he thought.
"A passcode machine?" Vorden said as he spotted it off to the side of the door. "Do you know the combination?"
"Are you kidding me, how the hell would I know?" Ian then held out both of his hands as he looked at the door.
He started to concentrate. After a while, Vorden could see a vein bulging on top of Ian's head. "Damn this door, it's so strong."
Ian continued to use his powers but the door was tightly shut and wasn't going to be so easy to break. But then, slowly, the door started creaking and the locks behind the door started to bend.
But the sound of the metal door being pulled apart had attracted some unwanted attention. Three Rattaclaws started sneaking around, following the sound until they spotted the two humans by the entrance.
"Ian, you better hurry up!"
"Just deal with the rats yourself!" Ian shouted.
As Ian put more strength into opening the door, part of the door started to bend. But as it started bending, the loud clanging only attracted more unwanted attention. Soon another four Rattaclaws joined.
"There's too many!" Vorden then quickly turned to the door and held his hands out as well.
"What are you doing, at least hold your back or something?" Ian said, but suddenly, the door was easier to move than before. It was much more responsive.
As Ian looked at Vorden, he could see he too was visibly sweating. "It couldn't be?"
With the two of them using their powers, they were finally able to tear the door apart creating a hole just large enough for them to get through. They quickly ran forward and jumped through the small gap.
Now inside the building, they turned back around and held out their hands once again focusing all of their power.
The Rattaclaw closest to the entrance leapt forward, and its head had just managed to get through the hole.
"Close, damn it!" Vorden shouted. Just then, the door bent back, sealing the hole and slicing Rattaclaw's head off. A loud thumb was heard as it hit the floor and slowly rolled away.
The two of them, now inside and with the door shut, noticed something. It was incredibly dark inside the training centre. There were a few small white LED lights that were placed on the floor up against the wall, but other than that, the lights above were completely out.
As Ian took a step forward, he could hear the sound of glass cracking.
"Now why would someone go to the trouble to take out all the lights?" Ian said, "These places are built to last hundreds of years with the power they have and the outside looked like it was untouched."
"Maybe it was the person who came in before us?"
"Maybe. Here, take this," Ian said, as he chucked over a small pebble-like item. Vorden noticed that it was the same item that he had used when they had made their temporary shelter in the library.
As Vorden tapped it once a small orange glow emitted from the stone and surrounded him. "What about you?"
Ian then pulled out another stone, tapping it before putting it on his waist.
"Now, are you going to tell me about what just happened, or are you going to keep that secret as well?"
Vorden let out a little nervous laugh.
"No secrets. My ability allows me to copy other abilities. I copied it when I saw you use it at the library." Vorden had no reason to lie to the man. He already knew he could use the same ability and what were the chances that Vorden had the same rare ability as the man.
However, Vorden wasn't going to reveal the fact that he needed to touch the man to copy his abilities. That part he would keep to himself.
"That's kind of cool. I wish I could do something like that," Ian said, "Come on let's go,"
Vorden was surprised by the man's actions. He thought he might yell or complain that he had done something without his permission, but this was something that he hadn't experienced before.
The two of them continued to walk along the dark hall. For now, there was only one direction they could go and the LED lights helped lead them the right way.
"Psst, hey Vorden, this is your last chance, switch with me now," Raten said, "If the portal's in here, I can save you the hard work and kill him straight away."
"Buzz off, will you?"
"Fine, but that was your last chance."
The two of them had finally arrived at the reception room. There were still small LED lights placed across the room, so at least they had a sense for the size of the room. Still, just like the previous room, the lights had been taken out.
Each of the lights above were smashed in.
"It must have been a beast," Ian said.
"What makes you say that?" Vorden asked.
"Well, a lot of beasts on this planet are on a cycle. For the year it remains dark, they go out and hunt. But when the sun comes out, they hibernate for the year. My guess is that a beast sensitive to light managed to get inside somehow and started to destroy them all. If it was a human that did this, they could have just found the source of power and shut them all off at once, or even just used the light switch."
They continued to move forward until they had eventually reached the front desk. Now, all that was left was to enter the arena and they did so, going through one of the entrances. When they exited, they had come out into the stands.
"Grahhh!" As soon as they entered, fierce growls started coming from the hallway.
"Quick, turn off your stone!" Ian whispered loudly.
However, it was useless. They could hear footsteps banging against the floor as something came rushing forward from the arena and into the stands.
"RAKKKKKKKKKK!" A loud screech echoed through the entire arena, as the creature had spotted its prey and was now running full force towards them.
****

EP-80 Bloodsucker
\< Transformation will now begin \>
As soon as this message appeared, a shooting pain could be felt all over Quinn's body. It felt as if his insides were burning with fire. The white of his eyes slowly started to fill with black and his teeth started to grow in size.
However, the pain didn't stop there, his body would jolt itself up and down as if something was trying to break free, his nails grew slightly larger and his skin started to form around his body even tighter. The features of his bones started to show more and his hair was falling from his head.
\< Your mind is unstable \>
\< Your blood lust has reached its maximum level \>
\< You are now a (Crazed) Bloodsucker \>
\< All stats will be doubled \>
\< Health will be halved \>
\< While in this form all blood skills are unavailable \>
Although he had received message after message about what state he was in, Quinn was unable to read any of them because his mind was no longer there.
A human figure remained but what was now standing in the middle of the arena was no longer human. With a Bold scalp and claw-like hands, the creature was hunched over.
As it opened it's pitch-black eyes and was startled by the light, it stumbled to the ground as its senses were now super heightened.
"REKKKKKKK!" it then let out a loud piercing screech that echoed through the large training centre. With its eyes closed, it ran forward at an inhuman speed and when it reached the side of the wall, it dug it's the claws in and started to climb up.
It quickly moved up to the ceiling before smashing the light with its fist, the light was now no more. With the light taken out the Bloodsucker was able to now open its eyes. It could see just as clear as if it was day inside.
It let go of the ceiling causing it to fall to the ground. The drop was at least 30 meters to the top but as it landed it bent its knees and walked off as it had taken no damage from the fall.
The bloodsucker started to roam around the training center, as it entered each room it continued to destroy the lights. It only had one thing on its mind, it was hungry and was looking for blood.
After transforming into the Bloodsucker, Quinn's thoughts, his emotions, everything that made him human were gone, his body acted on its own and that single thought of blood occupied him. Finally, he had returned to the arena in the training center and as if it didn't know what to do, it started walking in circles waiting for his prey.
Then a few moments later, Vorden and Ian had entered the room, although they were quiet. Quinn could hear everything, their soft footsteps against the floor and even their whispers to each other.
His head turned and saw two bright lights. At first, the light covered the humans so he was unable to tell what they were but when they turned the lights off, he could tell his meal had arrived.
*****
Ian and Vorden could hear the sound of something running towards them, but it was too dark to tell what it was.
Now that they had been discovered there was no need to stay in complete darkness. Ian went to his belt to touch the stone but before he had reached it, the beast was already upon him.
Being in the dark had adjusted the two's eyes a little and the LED lights going across the edge of the arena gave them little light. Now the beast was close enough he could tell it had a human figure.
As the beast held out its claws, Ian too came out with his fists.
"You want to battle with strength then!"
However, the beast's hands had wrapped around Ian's fist and stopped them in its tracks. Then using its nails it dug into Ian's fist drawing out blood.
"What monstrous strength, Damn it, to meet a humanoid beast of all types here!"
As it smelled the blood fall from Ian's hands it started to growl and screech even more. It opened its mouth revealing two huge fangs. It then tried moving its head forward clomping down its jaws but activating all the strength in the beast equipment he was wearing, he tried pushing the beast back and managed to stop him a little.
Then the beast lifted both of its legs off the ground and kicked Ian away causing him to fly into the nearby wall.
It started to rush forward as it saw Ian was injured but before it could reach him, a metal chair from the stand came flying out from the side and knocked the beast away.
Vorden quickly rushed to Ian's side and lifted him off the ground.
"Thanks kid."
"What was that?" Vorden asked.
"I don't know, I've never seen anything like it, but it looked like a humanoid type beast. I don't know much about them but all I know is they are one of the most powerful types of beast to be discovered on other planets. This is my first time seeing one." Ian replied.
The chair didn't keep the beast down for long, as the smell of blood was too strong. It attracted the beast and as soon as it got up from the ground it immediately started running in the direction of the two again.
"Turn on your light stone!" Ian said.
"Huh?"
"Quick the light stone!"
As the two of them turned on the light stone, the beast suddenly stopped, it covered its eyes and backed away from the two.
"It looks like I was right." Said Ian, "That beast must have been the one to take out all the lights, it looks like its super sensitive."
But the two were foolish thinking the light stones would be enough to keep the Bloodsucker away from its prey.
The beast didn't need to rely on its eyes sight to know where the two were, the smell of Ian's blood was enough. From the stands, it started to rip out the chairs and proceed to hurl them at the two.
Luckily, the chairs were made out of a metal material, so Ian and Vorden were able to repel them away. The chairs continued to be chucked at an incredible rate as each one was ripped from the stands.
Then the beast decided to rush forward with it's eyes closed, as it got close to the two it started to attack them blindly.
"How does it know where we are!" Ian said.
"Vorden get out of there!" Raten said.
"What do you mean?" Vorden asked.
"Can't you see, the beast is only attacking Ian, something is attracting it to Ian."
With Raten's words, Vorden decided to break away from Ian and ran down to the arena floor and just like he said, the beast had completely ignored Vorden and continued to attack at Ian.
"We have to help him, Raten switch with me."
"No!" Raten replied.
"We could die!"
"You had your chance before, it���s time you learn your lesson, get out of this one yourself Vorden."
Then a new voice was heard from within.
"I will help you."
Ian and the beast continued to do battle. Unfortunately for Ian, the only source of metal he could control in the arena where the chairs and it took him some time to attract things toward him. He had two chairs out from the stands and would use them as shield blocking the beast's attacks.
However, every time the beast would hit with its fist, it would completely tear through the chairs. the attacks were too powerful.
Then the beast leapt through the air with its fangs wide open. Ian had no choice but to shove his forearm into the beast mouth, hoping to avoid a fatal blow.
He screamed in pain.
\< Blood is being consumed \>
\< 10/100 \>
\< 14/100 \>
Ian could feel the beast sucking onto his arm. He wanted to push and hit the beast off him but as soon as the fangs penetrated his skin, it felt like he was under a slight paralysis effect, his body was unable to move.
\< 25/100 \>
As the beast was busy feasting on its meal, it was unable to notice the flying sharp object coming toward it. Like a spear a metal flying object had come out and pierced the beast's shoulder, the blow was fast and powerful knocking him off Ian.
As Ian stood up he looked into the centre of the arena and could see Vorden standing there surrounded by multiple metal chairs from the arena.
"I just want to find my pet Quinn." The little one said.

EP-81 The little one Vs Bloodsucker
The paralysis effect from the Bloodsucker was slowly starting to wear off and as it did, Ian lifted himself off the ground to have a look at just what was going on. In the center of the arena, the area was lit up by the small glow stone where Vorden was standing.
But he wasn't just standing there on his own, he had multiple chairs that had been taken from the arena surrounding him.
"How is he able to use the ability so well already? Even I would struggle to do something like this if I was in top condition. Didn't he just copy my ability a while ago?"
As the bloodsucker lifted himself off the ground, he pulled the metal object that had been lodged into his shoulder and dropped it onto the floor.
[20/25 HP]
"Rakkkk!" The Bloodsucker snarled out, its attention was now fully focused on what had caused him pain.
Instead of going in straight for an attack and charging in though, the Bloodsucker dug it's claw into the wall and started to climb upwards.
"How are we meant to see him now?" said Vorden. "It's too dark and the beast can attack from anywhere."
"I have no time to play games." The little one said.
He lifted his hands and started to crumble up each of the chairs into several metal spikes all looming above his head.
Then he waited, the beast jumped down from above and as soon as the little one could hear and see him, he immediately repelled all the spikes in that direction.
However, as the beast was falling through the air and the first spike came towards him, it spun around and grabbed the spike, throwing it back at an incredible speed.
But the little one had prepared for this too. He had already gathered a pile of chairs from the arena and mashed them together to form a shield. He placed this on the ground so he could easily pick it up when needed.
As the spike came towards him, he lifted the shield but what he didn't expect was the blow to be so powerful, that the spike had managed to still penetrate the shield he created, which was at least 6 inches thick with metal chairs.
"Hahaha!" Raten started laughing, "Looks like I really missed out on this one, did you see how strong it was? I would have loved to deal with this guy. Vorden you would have been killed within seconds."
Although the beast was able to throw back one spear, while in the air he was unable to move. The other spears that were targeted, had managed to penetrate him, going through his body and sticking him to the ceiling of the dome.
[10/25 HP]
The beast no longer caring for the damage that had been done to its own body, it lifted its legs up against the ceiling and pushed with all its strength allowing the spikes to completely go through his body.
However, the hole marks that could be seen in his body quickly healed up. All though it didn't add to the beast's health it would still allow him to fight as if he had never been hurt.
He landed in the arena stands and began hitting a few chairs as he landed. As soon as it stood up it began to rush forward recklessly towards Vorden's direction.
"This thing, why isn't it dead yet!" Vorden said.
A few more chairs had been turned into metallic spikes and he threw them towards the beast once again.
This time the beast continued to run forward and moved out of the way of each spike. Its eyes were slowly adjusting to the light that had surrounded Vorden and now it could see the spikes as it left his side.
As soon the spike left Vorden's side, the beast would react and move out of the way of each blow.
"Is it me or did that thing just get faster," Vorden said.
"This is bad, the little one isn't at full strength." Raten added, "If only there were two more ability user's nearby."
The Bloodsucker continued to move forward avoiding each and every spike thrown at it, then when it was close enough it swung it's claw out.
The shield was raised blocking the blow, but as the claw hit the shield it was completely shattered unable to be used again.
Now with no more metal surrounding the little one, the beast was able to freely attack. As it took a step forward though, it felt something sharp pierce into its foot.
As the beast looked down it was another metal spike. It looked in the distance and noticed that Ian had managed to recover. He had his hand held out and had thrown the spike out into the beast leg.
[7/25 HP]
Suddenly though, tears started to fall from the little one's face. Now that the beast was close enough, the light from the stone shown and reviled the face and clothes of the beast.
The beast in front of him was wearing the same uniform, and although it didn't look exactly like Quinn, it had similar qualities in its face. He didn't know what happened to make Quinn turn into a creature like this but he could feel that the beast and Quinn was the same person.
"I've done it again, I have hurt another one." The little one said.
"What are you doing!" Ian shouted, "Kill it."
Ian then crumpled up another nearby chair and threw out another spike, this time aiming for the beast's head. It came flying through the sky and was on target to hit but before it did, it stopped mid-air.
"No!" The little one then moved its hand throwing the spike to one side, then using its other hand it pulled the other spike out of its leg.
The beast was now free to move around. It instantly looked at the last person who had hit him and immediately started to run towards Ian's direction.
Ian was still under the effects of the paralysis when he had thrown the previous spike. When he threw the spike, he had originally aimed for the beast's head but missed. He still managed to luckily hit its foot though.
Seeing the beast quickly running towards him as every second passed. he panicked and started to fling out chair after chair but the Bloodsucker was too powerful. It simply knocked them away with its hands sending them flying through the air.
Ian then pulled out his trusty dagger ready to attack but when he looked in front of him the beast had vanished from his view, the next second he was staring up at the ceiling with his back on the floor. Then when he looked down at his body his legs were now completely detached from himself, blood pouring from them.
The Bloodsucker then dragged the top half of Ian's body away into the hallway out of the arena, afraid that the other person might disturb its meal.

EP-82 The search for a Ra
The students had just been informed that the portal expedition that was meant to be going on today, would be cancelled. Although many people didn't know the reason why, they had a good guess that it might have been something with the two students who didn't arrive in class today.
Students didn't just, not turn up to class for no reason. The city was their whole life, the school was their whole life. For the next two years, everything you did there would decide your future.
Layla had been planning to confront Peter on the situation especially since he had been acting so strangely but before she could even get to him, he had already run away.
"Come on Erin, let's go find out what he's hiding," Layla said but as she took a few steps forward she noticed that Erin wasn't following her.
"Erin?"
"I have no need to get involved in your affairs. I don't really care what happened to the other two. I hardly knew them before choosing to team up with them." Erin replied.
"Look at it this way right. You said you wanted to create the strongest team in the class, yeah? You and Vorden are clearly the strongest in this class and if you want to outperform the others from the other classes, you're going to have to team up with each other. Our team has already registered and I don't even know if they can find a replacement, so we might not even be allowed to take part in the expedition."
After hearing Layla's last words her eyes suddenly lit up.
"What did you say? Let's go find that Rat."
The two of them now working together started to look around the school to see if they were any signs of Peter anywhere but the two were unable to find him. They knocked on his dorm room door a few times as well but there was no answer. The dorm room doors each opened via a fingerprint sensor on the door handle.
So even if Peter was in his room the two of them wouldn't have been able to enter. They could have waited outside but the longer they waited the more Layla started to worry about Quinn.
If he was unable to get blood, she knew first-hand what Quinn could do.
As they continued to search for Peter, they still couldn't find him but they did find a group of people who might have known where he was. It was Earl and his group of five other boys.
"Haven't I seen them hang around with Peter a few times at breakfast?"
The group were inside one of the training centres. This one in particular, was filled with testing equipment that they used on new students and was also an area where students were able to practise on the machines.
If they had increased their ability level or obtained new skills, they could test themselves on the machines, write down the scores and hand them to staff to upgrade the status on their wristwatch.
If Layla was on her own, she would have never approached the group but she had Erin by her side.
"Hey guys," Layla said with a smile as she approached the group of boys.
Before replying Earl took a glance at her wristwatch and saw that she was only a level 2.
"What do you want?" Earl replied.
Layla's eyebrow started to twitch hearing Earl's rotten attitude and tone in his voice, but she was used to this. She had her fair share of bad treatment at her own school.
"We're not here looking for trouble, just wondering if you knew where Peter was?" She said putting on a fake smile.
The group looked at each other and started to laugh.
"Looks like they really aren't his real friends, I knew something was going on." She thought.
"Peter?" Earl said, "I wouldn't be surprised if that kid tried running out of the city by now."
"Yeah Earl, I can't believe he actually did it, if I did that, I know I'd never be able to live with myself." One of the men standing behind Earl said.
Earl immediately turned his head and gave a scorn look at the man.
"Sorry, Earl." He said.
"Anyway, buzz off you two, we're not saying a single thing, if you want to find Peter then go find him yourself."
Although Layla was annoyed, there was nothing she could do, she wanted to stand her ground and beat the information out of them, but Earl was a level four user, while the rest behind him were similar level to herself.
She had no choice but to turn and head back on her search for Peter. As she walked off the group started to laugh but as soon as she passed Erin, she realised she wasn't following her once again.
"Where are you going?" Erin asked.
"To find Peter, these guys won't tell us anything."
"I see no reason for us to find Peter anymore," Erin replied.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, these people clearly by their conversation earlier either know what Peter did or at least also know where Vorden and Quinn are." Erin then started to walk up to the group of five. "I don't want to waste any more time."
Mist and frost started to form just above her hands and suddenly, a fully formed ice spear had appeared. Before the other students could even react, she had already thrown the ice spear hitting Earl on his shoulder and pinning him against one of the drum's that were used to show a student's power.
As Earl's body landed on the drum the numbers started to rise until it eventually stopped at twenty. The group watching this knew she was strong but the machine had only confirmed their fears.
The group had no intention of fighting back after seeing Erin powers they knew their place was under someone like her.
However, she didn't care, she then placed both of her hands on the ground and a trail of ice started to appear travelling across the floor eventually reaching the group's leg's and freezing them all in place.
"Now which one of you is going to tell me what I want to know first," Erin said.

EP-83  Your Choice 
Layla, having witnessed the whole thing was amazed, she knew Erin's strength, especially after training with her and seeing her fight before but it always seemed like whoever she went up against was no match for her.
Although she had a power level of five, she seemed to be much stronger than that. Layla had seen a couple of level five users before but they weren't this skilful in using their abilities.
Erin then started to walk up to one of the students whose legs were frozen. It was the man who had let his tongue slip earlier and Earl had given him a scolding.
She placed her hand on his shoulder and slowly the ice from his legs started to rise and cover his body.
"Wait, I'll tell you everything, I don't know where Peter is, he was meant to meet us here a while ago but he never showed up."
"Why is Peter hiding?" Layla asked.
"Don't tell them Ben!" Earl shouted, still stuck on the machine. "If you do, you're out of the gang!"
Erin then gathered another ice spear in her hand and threw it once again, this time aiming for Earl's leg. It seemed like she had thrown the spear with more force, as the spear stuck into his leg, Earl screamed in pain and the numbers once again started to rise on the machine.
This time the numbers went beyond twenty and rose up to thirty.
The commotion was starting to cause the attention of other students who were busy practising away in the arena as well.
"Thirty, I've never got a number that high just how strong is she?"
But Layla knew this wasn't her full strength, at the test site her strength alone had reached up to the number fifty, she was still going easy on these students.
Erin then looked at Ben and started to form another spear.
"The next one goes in one of your holes and I still need the one you're speaking from."
Crazy was the only thought Ben had, who cares if he was no longer a part of Earl's gang. As long as he worked hard in school, he could slowly move his way up the ladder. This was not worth the pain.
"Wait, please. Peter, we're not sure exactly what happened but we heard he pushed Vorden into a portal, that's all we know, we don't know why Quinn is missing as well."
Of course, Earl was the one who was behind everything, he and his group had given Peter the instructions to push Vorden into the portal. When they had heard the news that two students were missing and confirmed Vorden was one of them. They thought Peter had done what he asked.
Unknown to them, Peter hadn't actually pushed Vorden but Quinn instead.
After hearing their answers Erin did as she said and walked away from the group.
"Wait, aren't you going to free us!" Ben shouted.
"The ice will melt in a couple of hours, or maybe someone in the room with an ability can help you. That's your punishment for making me wait instead of telling this girl what she wanted straight away."
As Erin walked off exiting out of the training centre, Layla quickly followed behind her.
"Thanks for that."
"That wasn't for you, I just hate it when guys think they're better than us, better show people like that their place."
Although Layla didn't completely agree with Erin's methods. She knew she wasn't the type to abuse her power to those who were weaker than her.
But Layla had something else on her mind. Did Peter really push Vorden into the portal and if Quinn was missing as well did that mean he went in after them? She dreaded the thought that there was the chance that the two of them could have ended up on some unknown planet.
Even worse, she feared that Quinn might have grown too hungry and had no choice but to dine in on his friend.
Just then though, as the two of them were about to exit through the doors. The door opened inward and a familiar face was seen. It was Peter.
Immediately seeing Layla standing there, Peter went running off But Erin had reached out and grabbed him by the collar pulling him back. She then slammed him up against the wall. Before he could even think about running away again. She placed her hands on his and started to freeze him. He was now held up in place on the wall.
Seeing Peter here must have meant he was planning to meet up with Earl and the others and judging by his strange actions, what they had said might have been true, but Layla needed to hear it from his own mouth.
"Peter tell us the truth, did you really push Vorden into the portal?" She asked.
"What are you going to do, hit me?" Peter replied, "because trust me I have already had my fair share of pain. Whatever you plan to do to me, go ahead. I guarantee you I have already experienced any pain you can think of."
Erin then started to form a small little needle-shaped ice pick in her hand.
"Really, I'm sure there are a few places I could stick this in which would leave you wishing you'd kill yourself."
Layla then motioned for her to put the ice pick down and was starting to think Erin had other problems.
"Peter I thought they were your friends, you know, every day Quinn would ask about how you were to me. He told me that if I ever saw anything strange to come back to him. Why didn't you just tell him, or even just tell us what was happening."
"You don't know, what would happen if I told you guys? You'd go beat them up, then what? They would just come back for revenge but do you think they would go after you, Erin or Vorden. No of course not, they would go after me. So you say you can protect me but for how long? Could you keep an eye on me twenty-four hours of the day and then what happens when I leave this academy and you guys aren't there. My whole life has already been decided for me even before I arrived here."
Peter then started to break down into tears.
"I didn't want to do it, I didn't have a choice."
Layla had clenched her fist and was ready to punch Peter in the face. She couldn't believe after all Quinn had done for Peter behind the scenes and all though she didn't like Vorden. She knew Vorden cared for him too.
Seeing Peter's tearful face, she dropped her hand down to her side.
"You're not even worth hitting Peter, you disgust me."
She then turned and walked off and had one last word.
"You always have a choice."

EP-84 Agent 
Inside one of the meeting rooms located in the first-year building. A meeting had been called. Currently sitting at the head of the table was Nathan and by his side was Fay, who had been in charge of the investigation of the missing two students.
As they waited, several other teachers started to enter the room. Del, who was Vorden and Quinn's homeroom teacher, Leo who was the beast weapons teacher and finally Hayley the school's doctor.
Nathan didn't want word to spread out about what had happened since the 1st year students were his responsibility. Therefore, he called his most trusted Sergeant by his side to inform them of what his plans were.
"Fay, would you please inform the others of why they have been called here today," Nathan asked.
Fay then stood up with a report held in her hand.
"As you have been made aware, two of our students have gone missing and due to that, we have had to delay the first year's outing. However, if this was a simple missing persons case we would not have called you all out here today."
Fay then pressed a button on her controller and a hologram appeared revealing a certain planet and around it, there were two moons.
"The missing students seemed to have entered into a portal but not just any portal, a red portal."
The faces of the others started to drop as they heard the news.
"How or why we do not know but one of the students was Vorden Blade. An original from a powerful family. The mission is not to bring him back alive but to at least bring his body back. That way the family can say their goodbyes and it should calm down their anger."
"What about the other student?" Leo asked.
"The other student is not a priority; he goes by the name of Quinn Talen. A weak level one with no family or an orphan. There is no need to worry about him."
"Do you know where the portal leads to?" Hayley asked.
"As you can see in the diagram the red portal leads to an abandoned Planet named Pioletic, it was one of the very first planets the human race had ever created a shelter on. It was safe for the most part but as the place was filled with weak beasts. However, that was until a year had passed and nightfall had come. Beasts stronger than we had ever seen before came and attacked the shelter, we had no choice but to abandon the place." Fay explained.
"This is why we have called you four," Nathan said as he stood up. "The four of you will head out through the red portal immediately. Don't worry, our latest reports say that the beasts that attacked the shelter have long since moved on. The place is mostly filled with Rattaclaw scum and the odd intermediate beast here and there."
Del then slammed his fist onto the table.
"Why should we risk our lives for a couple of students who may have just jumped into the portal themselves."
"Would you like to be the one to go to the Blade family and explain to them why their son has died and gone missing. How even though we insisted on these watches, to keep track of where they are we still weren't able to keep an eye on them." Nathan said, "This is an order, not a request."
*****
Meanwhile, Layla was still worrying over Quinn. Now that she knew he had most likely gone through a portal, her worries only started to double.
"Don't worry too much," Erin said. "If Vorden is with him, he will protect his friend. Of course, unless they went through a red portal that is.
But she was more worried that Vorden might be used as an emergency ration during the trip more than anything. Without any food or water supplies with them, Perhaps Quinn would suck him dry.
As they were walking through the hallway, they noticed that a group of students were gossiping and as they walked past, they heard Vorden's name being mentioned.
"What did you say?" Layla asked, "Would you mind repeating that?"
The girl looked slightly nervous as Layla was directly in her face.
"We were just talking about the missing students, Dumbo here has the ability of super hearing and had heard in the meeting saying that Vorden was stuck on a Red portal planet."
After hearing those words Layla felt her blood pressure suddenly rise.
"Damn, maybe I shouldn't have jinxed it." Said Erin.
"Do you remember anything else, the name of the planet, if another student went with them?" Erin said, shaking Dumbo who was standing next to the female student.
"um Yeah they said the planet's name was Pioletic, and they said something about Quinn being there as well."
Layla then got out of Dumbo's face and immediately started rushing towards her room.
"I'm sorry Erin, I've got to run somewhere. Thank's for all the help."
"I wonder what that was all about." With her two teammates stuck in another world and nothing else for Erin to do now. She decided she would continue training while she waited for them to return.
Layla had rushed off towards her dorm room as quickly as she could after hearing about what planet they were on. As she entered the room, she locked the door behind her and placed a chair on the handle.
Her roommate luckily wasn't in at the moment which meant she was free to do what she had planned. She then bent down under her bed and pulled out a small little box. As she opened the box a circular black sphere shaped ball was inside.
"I already checked the room for any microphones and there didn't seem to be any." said Layla, "I guess the other families really did put pressure on them not to invade privacy so much."
She then tapped the top of the sphere and a clicking sound was heard. A white ring started to light up and went around in circles for a few seconds before it finally completely lit up.
"Agent 83, what seems to be the problem?" A voice said from the ball. "Is it to do with the mission?"
"I have found someone who will be a great help to our cause, however, it appears he is stuck somewhere, would you be able to check if there are any agents on a planet named, Pioletic," Layla asked.
"Give me a few moments… I'm afraid all our agents have left that planet a while ago, is there anything else I can help you with."
"No that is it, thank you," Layla said.
"Then may I wish you luck in your mission, may Pure be with you."
"May Pure be with you," Layla replied.

EP-85 Turning Back
On planet Pioletic, it was still night time outside and it still would be for another six months. The two moons shone brightly on the shelter showing signs of a great battle that had once taken place.
Inside the training centre, in the dome-like building. A single boy was alone on his knees, tears running down his face.
"Was that really Quinn?" Vorden asked. "What happened to him, he looked so…"
"Ugly?" Raten said.
"Shut up!" The little one screamed.
The little one then immediately left the chair inside the darkroom, leaving it open for Vorden to take control once again. As he left the chair he went into dark space and sat down on the floor. He held his hands over his knees and started rocking backwards and forwards.
"I did it again" He mumbled," I hurt another one."
Now that Vorden was back in control the tears had suddenly stopped, Vorden lifted himself off the ground and started walking forward.
"You do know he will be like that for a while now," Raten said.
"I know, but we have more serious problems to worry about, if that really is Quinn what happened to him, and can we even help him turn back?"
Vorden then stopped walking forward as he had reached the torn apart body on the floor in the stands. All that was left of Ian was his two legs that had been torn from the waist down.
"Well, at least you aren't the one that has to kill him anymore," Raten said.
He then continued to walk forward following the trail of blood. The beast had taken the top half of the body which left a trail behind which made it easy to follow.
"Hey wait, check the man's trousers. He had that advanced tier beast crystal don't you remember. Now that he's dead, we may as well take it."
Although Vorden didn't like disrespecting the dead and didn't often agree with Raten, in this case it made sense to not let such a precious thing go to waste.
People's abilities only went so far, apart from original abilities the ones that were known to the public went up to eight. But even beyond level eight, there was a power difference between them all and the simple reason for that was beast crystals.
The equipment that could be made from different beast crystals could heavily sway the favour of the fight to one person. It was the whole reason why the Pure group was such a threat to begin with, even though they chose not to use abilities.
After searching Ian's trousers though there was no such luck and no crystal was found.
"Do you really think it's a good idea to follow that thing?" Raten asked.
"I need to see if that thing was really Quinn, you know if I don't, the little one will punish us."
Vorden then looked around and held out his hand, attracting one of the chairs from the stands and held it in his hands. He held it in front of him like a shield as he walked forward.
"Like that's really going to do anything, did you see the same monster as I did?" Raten complained. "Why does he put an idiot like you in charge?"
****
The Bloodsucker continued to drag Ian's body across the floor looking for somewhere safe to eat its meal. It turned and turned several corridors until it finally arrived at what looked like resting quarters.
As it approached one of the rooms, there was a metal door in front blocking it and next to it was another access code machine. The beast looked at the door and kicked with all its strength causing the door to go flying into the back of the room.
The room was mostly empty as it was only designed for temporary stay. The only thing that was in there was a single bed, a sink in the corner and a desk.
It then went to the back of the wall before sitting down. It continued to handle Ian's body like some type of ragdoll turning him around until he was in position, then finally it opened its mouth wide revealing two of its large fangs and bit into Ian's neck.
[35/100]
[42/100]
…..
As the beast continued to suck Ian's blood a notification screen appeared slowly rising up until eventually, the number had hit 100.
[100/100]
[Sufficient blood has been consumed]
[Transformation will now end]
[Your mind is starting to stabilize]
Just then, shooting pain once again started to enter Quinn's body only this time, it was starting to revert back to normal. His claw-like hands began to shrink down and go back to shape to what they once were.
His incredibly tight skin softened around his body and face. His ears were no longer pointed and his teeth too returned to normal and finally, the white in his eyes could be seen once again.
As his body returned to normal, he started to huff and pant heavily. His whole body was sore and his mind was ringing like crazy. Then images started to flash into his head, everything that he had done while he was the Bloodsucker, even though he had no control he felt like he was there every step of the way.
"Vorden, what's he doing here?" Then more images started to flash into his head and finally, he remembered slicing a man in half.
As he opened his eyes and the ringing pain had stopped in his head, he looked Infront of him he could see a half-torn eaten man, with two large puncture wounds on his neck.
"That was me!"
[First Human killed]
[High-level user detected]
[Reward: Instant level up]
Although Quinn was still in shock that he had killed a human for the first time, he didn't have much time to think about it as the system had hit him with multiple messages at once and there were even more to come.
[Congratulations you are now level 10]
[Evolution process has begun!]
"Evolution process?"
Just then Quinn's heart started pounding harder than before, his veins all around his body started to show as the blood rushed through. Quinn could feel every little part of his body but it wasn't a nice feeling. It felt like his blood was made of spikes and as it went through and around his body, he could feel it tearing everything apart.
Just then, a footstep was heard entering the room, Vorden had arrived.
"Quinn?"
****

EP-86 Evolution complete
The room looked like a prison cell brawl gone bad. Inside was the top half of Ian's body on the floor, blood still oozing from the bottom half and his guts spilling out. If Vorden had never seen a scene like this before, it would cause a normal person to throw up all over the place.
Then when he looked up, he could see Quinn kneeling on the floor in pain. It was as he thought, the creature that attacked him before was him. Although he no longer looked like the beast anymore it was clear, the damaged uniform, the dead body on the floor.
"Hey Quinn are you alright, is something wrong, do you need anything?" Vorden asked.
"Get away!" Quinn groaned out as the pain continued to shoot through his whole body.
"Maybe I can help?"
"I said get away!" Quinn's voice sounded deep and dark and as he lifted his head, Vorden could see his eyes were now glowing red.
"Hey Vorden, I think you better listen to the kid, he could be turning into that thing again," Raten said.
But it was too late, Vorden had taken one step too many and was now within striking distance. Quinn lashed out flinging his arm at Vorden. However, he was able to lift his metal chair up in time blocking the attack but it didn't do much.
The metal chair was immediately ripped by Quinn's hands and the attack managed to craze Vorden's chest, flinging him backwards.
"Blood!" Quinn screamed, "Give me blood!" The smell coming of Vorden's chest was so sweet.
"What did I tell you, that chair was useless!" Raten complained, "Quick seal the door shut."
Vorden no longer hesitated and using his abilities, he pulled the broken door back in place and using all his powers quickly sealed it up.
Quinn was no longer chasing after Vorden but instead knelt on the floor crying in pain. Vorden stayed there with his hands held up holding the door in place, fear that whatever was inside or whatever was happening to Quinn would come out again and attack him.
The screams continued for a good fifteen minutes until they eventually died down and stopped.
"Quinn?" Vorden called out softly hoping not to startle him. "Is everything okay?"
"Yeah," Quinn replied. "Just give me a few moments, I'll let you know when it's okay."
The pain had finally stopped and Quinn really did need a few minutes to get a hang of everything. For the system was revealing so much new information to him in one go.
[Congratulations evolution was Successful, you are now a Vampire!]
[Level 10]
[Race: Vampire]
[0/100 EXP]
[HP 60/60]
[Strength: 15]
[Agility: 15]
[Stamina: 15]
[Charm: 5]
[Blood Family bonus: 0]
Just looking at his status screen alone, so much had changed. Quinn had yet to put his extra stat point but it seemed like two more options were added to the stats screen. The first one being the Charm stat and the second being a blood family bonus. Although with no explanation Quinn was clueless to what these two things did.
But what he did understand was that he had gone from a Halfling into a full-fledged Vampire now. Quinn had expected this change might have happened as he continued to level up, he only hoped that it didn't happen so soon.
For there was the worry, now that he was a Vampire instead of a Halfling what happened when he stepped into the sun?
However, there were even more messages to come from the system.
[Skill: Blood ritual unlocked]
[0/2 Members]
[New skill: Daze]
[ This skill has no cost and can be used on the opponent to stun them between 0.2 seconds and 0.5 seconds at a time. Must have direct eye contact with the opponent. The skill has a chance of failing, depending on the strength of the enemy and on the user's Charm points. The more the skill is used on an opponent the higher chance they have off resisting.]
Two new skills had been unlocked, although there was no description at all for the first one which just left Quinn confused. However, now he knew there was some use for the charm stat.
But the messages didn't stop there.
[Shop has been unlocked]
[New tutorials have been unlocked]
[System level 2 will now activate]
Just then, a screen had appeared in front of Quinn and once again it was the handsome blonde man he had seen the last time, the man who had taught him the hammer strike and the flash step.
"Congrats!" The man said. "You have now officially joined the family. I thought maybe a simple human wouldn't be able to make it this far but it looks like my little experiment was a success. Now that the system has been upgraded to level 2, I had a good friend of mine install an AI system with my voice. It's amazing right! Now you'll never feel alone again and if you ever have a question about the system just ask."
"What!" Quinn thought, "Why wasn't the system like this from the beginning?"
"Now you're probably thinking why didn't I design it this way from the very beginning, the truth is you needed to be able to get this far on your own. From your own mistakes along the way, they can only make you stronger."
For some reason, Quinn felt the urge to punch the man if he ever met him in real life.
"Now before I leave you, although the AI system will help you answer any questions you have about the system, it is not able to go beyond that, so here are my final recorded words. I'm sorry but now that you are a vampire, others will come looking for you. They have already blended into society so it's almost impossible to tell who is one and who isn't. If you want to live a life of freedom as I did, then get stronger, create a force of your own and fight back. Good luck my friend."
With that, the recorded message had ended and the screen had disappeared. Quinn had many questions he wanted to ask the man but he knew it was impossible.
With the new system upgrade and the shop unlocked, he wanted to check out all the new things but as he looked at the dead body in front of him reality had hit him.
"I'm really not human anymore, am I?"
Quinn wanted to get stronger to protect himself and others from the abuse of those above but now he had just killed a man, but for some reason, he didn't feel sad about it. In fact, it felt like it was just something he needed to do to survive.
Before Quinn was to check out all the new things the system had reviled there was one more problem he needed to face and it was on the other side of the door.
It was time to confront Vorden.

EP-87 Are you scared?
Around ten minutes had passed since Vorden had last heard Quinn say anything. But he preferred this over the screaming Quinn. Before he felt like at any second, a rampage might start-up from him, but right now, he was relaxed and no longer had his handheld up holding the door.
He leant up against the door with his back propped up against it.
"Hey, what are we still doing here?" Raten asked. "Any second now that guy could be eating us, I don't understand."
"But he isn't, is he?" Vorden replied, "Do you think he couldn't have eaten us just now, to be honest, I don't even think me holding up the door with my ability would have been enough to stop him." He then lifted his hand across his chest; the wound had dried up and was starting to scab over.
Then Movement from the other side of the door was heard, as Quinn started to lift himself up from the ground.
"Vorden, are you still there?" Quinn asked.
"Yeah, I'm here. You alright now?"
"Yeah, I'm okay, you probably want to know what just happened don't you?"
"Well, I would be lying if I said no."
Quinn then took a deep breath as he prepared to tell Vorden the whole tail. It was hard for him. Unlike Layla, who had been so accepting of it, not everyone was like her, and he was afraid of Vorden's reaction.
He slowly started at the beginning about how he had obtained a book, and after using it felt different all of a sudden. Quinn then went on to explain the events at school and even things that happened with Layla. All up to the point where he had arrived in the portal world, eventually turning into the Bloodsucker.
There were some details he decided to leave out, though. There was no reason for him to reveal that his ability was like a system, but only that he grew more powerful with blood, he also left out everything to do with the system including the mysterious blonde headed man.
This mystery was his own problem to deal with, and he only needed to tell Vorden what he needed to.
There was silence between the two for a few moments as Quinn finished his story. Vorden was, of course, shocked by the whole thing. Vampires, he didn't even know there were such things, and if Quinn had told him this before, he would have thought he had gone mad.
But Vorden had seen it, he had seen what Quinn had turned into, and Ian's dead body in the room was proof of that.
"You know, I knew you were different from the moment I met you," said Vorden.
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"Do you know how abilities work? Every person has a number of mutant cells inside their body that they can activate. The more cells a person can activate the stronger their ability level, my ability allows me to replicate these cells from one person into my own body. That's why if someone is only a level one earth user, I can only copy the same number of mutant cells from them. But when I shook your hand, I felt the different cells in your body Quinn, just for whatever reason I couldn't replicate them. It tried and tired, forming and breaking down, but every time they would end up in failure. it was the first time something like that had ever happened."
"Are you scared of me, Vorden?"
"Scared, Quinn, everyone has their own secrets that they don't want others to know, some more so than others. It's understandable why you hid it, the Government, military and the big families would all be trying to get their hands on you trying to use your power for themselves."
Vorden then turned around and moved the metal door out and into the corridor. The metal door was placed to the side, and when he lifted his face, his mouth remained wide open. To his surprise, Quinn looked almost like a completely different person. He had a whole new energy surrounding him.
Quinn had grown a few inches in height, his skin looked super smooth and had gone slightly pale. While his face looked a little more masculine.
"Now this might be a tough one to explain?" Vorden said.
****
Before leaving the room, Vorden went to check on Ian's body. He continued to search and search but could find no sign of the advanced tier crystal.
"Was he lying about it?"
But what he did see was two bite marks on the neck of Ian. Right now, Quinn looked completely normal but looking at the bite marks on Ian's neck. It reassured him that everything Quinn said was the truth.
The two of them went looking around until they had come across a toilet. Inside was a mirror for Quinn to look at himself. The changes weren't so drastic that you couldn't tell it was Quinn, but it looked like he had just gone on a 12-week model training course.
They continued to walk around and ended back in the arena where the two of them fought. The two looked at the mess they had caused, Quinn thinking about when he was a Bloodsucker and Vorden thinking about the little one.
There were scraps of metal all over the place, multiple broken chairs and across the floor Blood. For now, Quinn was full from his last meal, and he also had to fill up his Blood bank.
Based on Ian's information, the portal was most likely to be in this building, a secret switch of some sort hidden somewhere but the two of them had no clue where that would be. After searching around for a while and no success, the two of them sat down on the arena floor.
Quinn asked why Vorden was even here in the first place, and gave the simple reply of "I came after you.". Although they didn't stay on the subject for long as it seemed Vorden kept steering away from the conversation.
Quinn assumed it was something to do with Peter, and right now that was the last person the two of them wanted to speak about.
That's when Vorden's stomach started to growl; it had been a while since he had eaten the last food pill.
"Are you hungry?" Quinn asked.
"Aren't you?" For a second, there was another awkward silence between the two.
"If you want I can give you some of my blood?" Vorden said.
"You know, I do eat normal food as well!"
The two of them started to laugh and joke about a few things as time passed by.
"It's a shame you can't use your abilities in school. If it was a normal ability, my family could offer you protection. The military wouldn't try hurting you."
Although Quinn could try to pass off the vampire abilities as something normal, there was the problem that there was no skill like it. They would immediately assume he was an original. And there was now something that worried him even more.
On the video the system had shown, the blonde man stated others would now be looking for him. Were others referring to other vampires? If so, he needed to keep this a secret even more so than before. From the sound of the video, they didn't sound like they would be welcoming to him.
Then something clicked in his head. There was something he could learn that wasn't part of his vampire skills. The level 6 ability book, the shadow book.
*****

EP-88 A Voice inside
While Vorden continued to search the arena for some type of secret exit, Quinn was pretending to look for one as well while walking around. Instead, he wanted to inspect the ability book he had received earlier from the metal container.
As soon as he thought about his inventory, a screen appeared in front of him. Then when just thinking about the item, the system would come up with a message.
[Would you like to take out the Level 6 Shadow ability book?]
This time rather than a monotone robotic voice the system usually played in his head. It was the annoying energetic blonde man's voice.
[Inspect]
[Level 6 shadow book, can only be learnt by those that have been Blooded]
As Quinn used his inspect skill, a weird word had been added at the end. Blooded? Was that another name for Vampires perhaps? When Quinn tried the other ability books, he wasn't able to learn any of them.
It started to make Quinn ask more questions about the book. Why did the military keep such a high-level book locked away? Was it because everyone had died or were they planning to sell it off for the future? Either way, he had never heard of someone possessing a shadow ability before.
Just then, the annoying voice was heard again.
"So it looks like you want to learn more about the book, huh? well, I can tell you if you want, do you want to know?"
The AI system seemed to be just as annoying as the man himself.
"Please?" Quinn said while gritting his teeth.
"Your guess is correct, blooded refers to those that have been blessed or cursed whichever way you want to look at it, with Vampire blood. It doesn't matter if there, a halfling, a vampire lord, or even a ghoul. As long as they possess some of the vampire's blood, they are able to learn these abilities."
"Do you know why the book was here?"
"I have no clue."
The AI system had surprisingly answered in great detail. It was like the blonde man said. While the inspect skill was able to tell him information about items, his system would clarify things to him related to the system.
Quinn was still unsure about whether to learn it or not as he still needed more information, and it seemed like the AI was the perfect person to ask.
"Is this the only ability book Vampires can learn? And can Vampires learn more than one ability?"
"Just like humans, Vampires are only able to learn one ability. Whether or not there are other ability books out there like this, who knows, there may be some stronger, they may be weaker."
The AI system was only an AI system after all. Even though the man sounded intelligent with a stupid voice, it was limited to what it could answer.
The problem was if this truly was another ability that Quinn was unable to use in the outside world, he didn't want it. Another ability that the world didn't know about meant he would be targeted. However, the question remained if there even was an ability that vampires could use as well as Humans.
Quinn had asked the AI more questions hoping to get an answer it had no clue and would just reply back with sarcastic answers.
With that being said, there was one person in the room that was knowledgeable about these things, and he might just know about the shadow ability. Vorden. Although the system stated blooded were the only ones that could learn it, maybe there were other Vampires out there that had used the ability before.
As the two passed by each other while making their rounds around the stadium, Quinn popped the question.
"Vorden, have you ever heard of an ability that uses shadows?"
"Shadows, honestly my gut instinct would be no or at least not the world anyway, but you were honest with me so it's time I'll be honest with you." said Vorden.
The two of them then sat down a few chairs apart in the stadium, one of the rows that hadn't been trashed from the fight.
"Remember when I said earlier how I kept an eye on you because I couldn't copy your ability, well you're not the first one. Or not the first one in our family," said Vorden. "As you know I'm an original, so our powers have been passed down from generation to generation for hundreds of years. In my great grandfather's journal, there was a time he said he had come across another user with an ability. Now back then this was rare, the whole world still didn't know Humans had super capabilities. But each time we would come across one, our family would log it, especially since our ability relied on others."
"For the first time, he had come across someone's ability, he couldn't copy."
"So is that why you were so interested in me?"
Vorden's face started to go a little red as he was embarrassed hearing those words.
"When you say it like that it sounds a little strange, I assure you I don't think of you in that way." Vorden said awkwardly. But then his face went serious. "Now that I told you, tell me, how would something the public not know about, would you know about?
At the moment Quinn lifted the ability book in his hand which had the words shadow Ability written across it.
For a second, Vorden had to rub his eyes to check he wasn't seeing things. He thought perhaps Quinn might have learnt something when he turned into a Vampire about it but to actually have the ability book in his hand itself.
"Whoa you actually found it, I was sure it would have been an original skill, but there was actually an ability book. Well, what are you waiting for? Let's learn it now! We have all the time in the world, and we're stuck here doing nothing."
"Well I really did want to learn it, but the problem is if I did others would be after me just like they would for the vampire ability."
Vorden started to think long and hard if there was anything he could do to help him. Then his master plan came to him.
"I think we can use the situation we're into your advantage," said Vorden. "The school must know by now that we have been sent to another planet. A red portal planet at that. There are things that have been undiscovered on these planets all the time. You can just say you found the book here, that you learnt it for your survival, they all know your level one trash."
Vorden paused for a moment after saying those words.
"I mean, they all think you're just a level one right? I'll say while we were in the portal world, I protected you, and as payment, after learning the skill, you decided to hand the book over to me. That way the people will no longer be bugging you for it but my family instead."
Vorden smiled as if he had just cracked the toughest case in a Mystery Novel.
"Are you sure your family will be okay with that?"
For a split second, Quinn thought he had seen Vorden's face drop, but when he blinked and looked again, it was completely normal.
"Yeah, they'll be fine, with the plan or set, let's get to learning that ability book. I can't wait to see the faces of everyone when we get out of here."
"If we get out of here.   Quinn said.
"Do you have to be so negative?"

EP-89 Unlocking the Shadow
Vorden and Quinn stood opposite each other in the centre of the stadium. Not too far from each other so they could hear each other without having the need to shout.
"Now, what I'm about to tell you, they would probably teach you at the school later on anyway. But I'm going to tell you now because it should be helpful when learning the ability book."
Vorden then started to use the magnetism ability he had obtained from Ian, he pulled over a small bolt and began to levitate around in his hand.
"Everyone knows about the power level system, there are eight levels in total. These levels are actually determined by how many mutant cells you are able to activate in your body and not actually determined by strength. Let's take the earth ability as an example, someone with a low number of cells is only able to transform the earth they can hold in their hand. While a level 5 earth user might be able to lift the earth from the ground without touching it. These type of ability books contain information on how to activate more mutant cells for your specific type of ability."
"But if the Power levels don't actually determine strength then why the test when we started school?" Quinn asked.
"Good question," said Vorden. "The test the military gives you is actually to put you into the subcategories they created, the 1.1 1.2 etc. This can sometimes be determined by what skills you have as well."
Vorden then lifted up his wristwatch and showed him the number currently displayed which said 6 on it. Quinn was suddenly confused because he was sure he had seen the number 5 on it before.
"These watches are the answer. The watches they put on us are able to determine the number of mutant cells in our body. Before even taking the test, they knew what level we were at. They simply just set the watches to an off mode the moment we arrived. When I use my ability, I also copy the number of mutant cells in their body, which is why the watch now shows the number six."
Quinn seemed to be learning so much, it just proved that the information that was revealed to originals compared to the rest was different. This also further confirmed that Quinn being a Vampire, wasn't an ability. The number on his watch had never changed, or maybe it was the fact that his cells were no longer human.
"Think about it, not every test is able to determine someone's strength. Some abilities allow you to tell if someone is telling the truth, some allow super hearing and some can help you see into the future. Although these might not be strong fighting abilities themselves, they require a high number of Mutant cells to activate in the first place and now that brings me to your book." Vorden said as he pointed towards it.
"Not everyone can activate a high number of cells. Some ability books are just too high for people to learn, they try and try, but they will never be able to succeed. To put it simply, their fate was decided for them at birth. It might take a while before we can tell if you have the ability to learn it or not"
It sounded harsh but what Vorden was saying was true. He had heard examples of rich CEOs who had bought their kids high-level ability books, only to be disappointed when they weren't able to succeed.
"Now we move onto the second problem, even though you have the ability book, what about skill books? With no skills, you will most likely only be able to unlock 1/10th of its power. But don't let that get you down. The ability books and skill books are only shortcuts to learning these things in the first place. When the originals discovered their powers, they had no books, they learnt and discovered everything themselves."
Quinn thought about everything Vorden had said, he further went on to explain that each book would explain a technique that could be used to Mutate a specific type of cell. The higher the ability book, the more information it would reveal about the method used. Some abilities just didn't have lower levels and required people to have a high number of mutant cells to use them.
There was another little bit of information he revealed but decided to not go into too much detail. It was the fact that your Soul weapon also had something to do with the number of Mutated cells in your body as well. This would determine how strong of a soul weapon you had.
The example Vorden gave was Momo. Although Momo's ability wasn't too strong in a fight, he's soul weapon was incredibly powerful as a level 6 ability user.
Vorden had explained that learning a level 6 ability book of the bat would take months to learn, but while here they could get a head start.
But Quinn thought differently. There was one thing Vorden didn't know, and it was that his Vampire abilities also worked like a system.
He touched the book once more, and the system message popped up again.
[Would you like to learn the level 6 Shadow ability?]
There was no going back after this.
[Yes]
The book then lifted into the air, and the pages started turning and flashing in front of him. Suddenly there was the sense of Deja vu. Vorden stood on the side line and took a step back, he had never seen anything like this happen before.
Then finally, once all of the pages of the book had been flipped, it disappeared and vanished into thin air.
Vorden immediately rushed over to Quinn, who was holding his head with his hand.
"What happened, are you okay?" Vorden asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine."
As the pain in his head slowly went away, he looked up, and in front of his vision, he was greeted with multiple messages.
[congratulations you have learnt the level 6 Shadow ability]
[You have now unlocked the Shadow skills tab]
[You have unlocked the Mutant Cell stat]
[10 skill points have been added]
[New shadow skill dimensional storage has been activated]
[New skill Shadow control Lv.1 has been added]
****

EP-90 Exploring the shop
The ability book had vanished once again, just like the old book he had received. This time he had also been given an entirely new tab that was dedicated only to his Shadow ability in his system.
"Hey Quinn, what's wrong, did something happen? Where's the book!" Vorden asked.
Quinn then went to tap his head a couple of times with his finger.
"Inside? '' said Vorden "What, you mean it's inside your head?"
Quin nodded.
Vorden was surprised but at the same time not, he had learnt so many crazy things today, and this one was probably one of the least shocking. He could imagine that maybe whoever created the shadow book might have put a condition on it.
Maybe once it was learnt to vanish or disappear, it would also explain why many weren't found or how none were sold on the market.
Vorden didn't ask too many questions and gave Quinn a few moments to sit down and rest, he didn't really understand what he meant by it was all inside his head. Of course, this was Quinn's way of getting around telling Vorden it was a system.
[Status]
[Race: Vampire]
[Ability: Shadow]
[HP: 55/55]
[MC 100/100]
[Strength: 15]
[Stamina: 15]
[Agility: 15]
[Charm: 5]
The first thing he decided to do was check out his stats screen. One of the messages had stated he had obtained a new stat called Mutant Cells or MC for short. Looking at his MC stat, it currently displays 100/100.
"System, can you explain the MC stat to me?"
"Ho, ho," A cheery voice said, "The MC stat is how many Mutant cells you currently have in your body. Every time you use your ability, the MC numbers will go down but worry not, for it will auto regenerate itself over time."
Quinn then looked at the two stat points he had obtained. One form levelling up to level 10 and then the other from when he had consumed Ian's blood. But when he tried to see what he could do with them; he was unable to increase his MC points. Meaning it was a similar stat to his HP. The question was whether it would increase on its own like his HP.
"I can tell you the answer to that" The system said. "The answer is no, those mutant cells have a cap in your body. This can only be increased by a certain technique specific to the Shadow ability. You would either have to find a higher-Level ability book or a teacher."
With that said, Quinn decided to put his stat points into Strength and agility as he has been doing so far. Right now, he only had one skill that required the use of Charm, and he didn't know how useful it would be.
[Strength:16]
[Agility:16]
As he increased each stat point, he could feel the changes in his body ever so slightly, the feeling was starting to become addictive. But he was still a long way off from the others. Erin, who was a level 5 ability user, was able to produce a score of fifty on the strength test. That was also without the use of any beast gear to improve herself.
While Vorden was still giving him space and walking around the room, it also gave Quinn the time to check out a few of the other things he had unlocked earlier. First, there was a new tutorial video. There was a single video called combination skills.
The video was a long watch as it took time to explain the process. Quinn didn't have time to watch it now and would watch it later.
The next thing was the shop tab.
When selecting this tab, he was able to search by category, and there was a whole bunch of items, Weapons, armour, Rings, and all sorts, but there were no skill books or ability books. The only problem was all of the items were greyed out, not allowing him to select any of them.
To the side of the screen, it showed his inventory, where he had 16 basic tier crystals, one intermediate crystal and also an advanced tier crystal as well. He didn't know when he had obtained them, but at some point, he must have done.
"Was it while I was a Bloodsucker?" but Quinn couldn't remember killing anything other than… Ian. It was the only explanation, when he had murdered Ian did all his crystals transfer over into his system?
The section to the right allowed him to select the item, he first chose the Rattaclaw crystals. The shop auto sorted itself and gave a message in the centre.
[No items can be made with these crystals]
Then, when selecting the other two crystals items had appeared up in the centre this time. Although these items were still greyed out, Quinn now knew the reason why.
[3 intermediate crystal required to create this item]
The items required several crystals to make them. After searching through the shop more, He realised there were some weapons and items that only needed a number of crystals. While others were more specific and needed a specific type of beast crystal.
When selecting the advanced tier crystal, the shop auto sorted itself once again, and a ring was shown on screen.
[1/10 Advanced tier Deathbat crystals]
[Effects: Allows the user to walk in the sun for 3 hours without being affected by the sun]
This was a fantastic discovery. While Quinn was planning to create an outfit that completely blocked out the sun, there was a ring in the shop that had the same effect.
The only problem was it required him to kill 10 of these Deathbat which were advanced tier beasts. Thinking back to how he had nearly died from the intermediate beast, there was no way he would attempt to kill an advanced tier beast.
Then there was a second problem, Beasts, especially on the higher tiers, were Quite specific to what planet they lived on. At some point, if Quinn wanted to earn the ring from the shop, he would have to come back to this planet through the portal.
All in all, the shop was a good find. Quinn started to question the AI system further on how the shop worked, and he had explained that as long as he brought the items that it asked for, it would be able to auto-create it and give it to him.
This was another excellent find, as usually after obtaining beast crystals you would have to take it to a beast weapons crafter who would charge for the making of the item. Then a question hit Quinn's mind. Crystals could only be turned into one type of item which all had the same effect.
The quality of the item created would depend on the crafter, but if the item was destined to be a ring, a sword was unable to be crafted from the same type of crystal.
Did Ian know what item the Deathbat crystal would give him? And if so, why would Ian need such a thing? It might have not even been Ian in the first place, but whoever had hired him and taken down the Deathbats.
****

EP-91 Exploring the Shadow 
With no way of getting any of the items from the shop, for now, he decided it was time for him to check out the shadow tab. A whole new section of his system that had been added as soon as he obtained the Ability.
Underneath the tab was a list of around ten different skills. Each one greyed out apart from the two skills he had learned previously. Below he could scroll down further, but everything just appeared as several question marks.
The first skill.
[Dimensional storage]
[This skill will allow the user to store items into its shadow storage. As long as there is a shadow nearby, you can take out and put in items as you wish. This includes your very own Shadow underneath your feat!]
"If only I had this skill sooner!" Quinn thought.
Back in the storage room, there were many items that Quinn wished to bring with him. There were multiple skill books and ability books that he had already converted into exp and wouldn't be able to gain anything again.
At the time he wished to bring them with him to at least sell on the market place, but was unable to carry them. If he wanted to do that now, it meant leaving from the safety of the training centre, and heading back outside where the beasts were.
While Quinn's system allowed him to store crystals and specific ability books inside, it did not allow him to store anything else. So the Dimensional storage was a great skill to have.
The second skill.
[Shadow control Lv.1]
[Allows the user to control their own Shadow]
The description was short and didn't really reveal much. Even if he could control his own Shadow, what use was that? But the significant difference with this skill compared to the last skill, was the fact that it had a level by the side.
If it was like Quinn's blood skills then as long as he carried on using it, it would eventually level up. Maybe even allowing him to create shadows or use his own shadows.
Quinn then looked at the skills tab again. At the moment, he was able to see ten skills in total while the rest were covered. Next to each skill was a number.
[Shadow cloak Lv.1 10 skill points to unlock]
There were multiple skills, but the shadow cloak was the only one that he was able to unlock right now. He only had received ten skill points and wondered how he would be able to obtain more.
Judging by its name, perhaps the skill would be able to surround him like some type of Shadow. He started to wonder if it would also be able to block out the sunlight, which made him feel so weak.
His excitement got the better of him, and as long as he could unlock the other skills later on, what was there to worry about?
[You have successfully unlocked Shadow cloak Lv.1]
[This skill allows you to use your own Shadow to surround you into the darkness. You opponents will struggle to see you depending on their level of perception. Best used in the Shadow or at night.]
It wasn't exactly what he was expecting, but it seemed like it was a type of invisibility cloak, one that would work well on beasts that were weak but not those of a higher level.
Quinn then stood up from the ground and was ready to test out his skills. He could see that Vorden was still walking around the stadium, seeing if he could find anything. It was hard for Vorden to see due to the lights being broken, and he didn't have the same type of vision as Quinn.
That meant the whole room was dark.
"Perfect."
[Shadow cloak activated]
[ -1 MC for every ten seconds of use]
His own Shadow below started to lift up from the ground and slowly crept up his body. From his toes, to his knees, all the way to the top strands of hair on his head.
Now when looking from the outside, a strange foggy mist could be seen covering him.
As Quinn walked around the arena, he could see that his MC Stat was like a bar, while using the skill it was slowly going down.
He crept up slowly to Vorden in the stands going between the chairs, and it seemed his skill was working. While Quinn was standing around 10 meters apart, it looked like Vorden had no idea he was there.
But then when he took another step closer, Vorden immediately jumped back and attracted a chair into his hand.
Although Vorden was struggling to see what it was, he could feel strange energy disrupting the flow around him. The hairs on his body were standing up.
Then when he concentrated, he could see something shifting in the air.
Vorden went to repel the chair, throwing it in Quinn's direction. The chair flew right past and into the stands.
"Hey wait, wait, it's just me!" Quinn said as he deactivated his skill and could be seen ducked down.
"What the hell Quinn, you almost gave me a heart attack, do you not remember just seconds ago I was fighting to the death against you!" Vorden complained, "I've been on high alert since."
"Sorry," Quinn said as he let out a little nervous laugh.
"But man, you already know how to use the shadow ability already? And that seemed like a skill?" Vorden asked, amazed.
Usually, it would take months to learn how to use an ability and some skills even longer. Yet here Quinn was being able to handle everything straight away.
"Like I said, when I read that book, it seems like all the information was inserted into my head, all I have to do is think about it, and I can do it."
Vorden then walked over towards Quinn and took out his hand.
"Do you mind this time?" Vorden asked.
"Sure, go ahead."
The two shook hands, and the same message had appeared as last time.
[An ability has been detected]
[Ability has been blocked]
"What's the meaning of this?" Quinn asked inside his head to the AI system.
"The system will try its best to do whatever it can to help the user. It will tell you when abilities are being used on you and all sorts."
"Can I temporarily cancel the feature?" Quinn asked.
"It's not really a feature, it's just informing you of what your vampire body is naturally doing. Besides, even if the Boy could copy your Ability, he wouldn't be able to use it."
"What do you mean?"
"That skill book you used is specific for Vampire cells, inside your body right now, Are Vampire mutated cells. This is the reason why he can't copy it; your body structures are completely different. But you could always turn him into a blooded one?"
[Would you like to activate the skill Blood ritual?]
[Yes] [No]
*****

EP-92 Blood Ritual
Quinn was wondering what the blood ritual was, after all, there wasn't much information revealed about it. But now that the system was offering for Vorden to become a blooded one, it all became clear to him.
It was a ritual that would allow Vorden to turn into some type of vampire. Underneath the skill, it also had the number 0/2. This would assume that at most, he was only able to turn two people. This number might increase in the future, but for now, that was how it was.
"I can't just turn Vorden into a vampire, he would have to deal with the same crap that I had to deal with." Quinn thought, "Maybe I needed it to make myself stronger, but for Vorden who was already strong, there's no upside."
A thought then came into his mind. The blonde man in the video had told him to grow his own army, and soon others would come for him. Was this what he was talking about?
In the end though, Quinn decided it wasn't his decision to make. Vorden had helped big time, and if he wanted to, then it was his choice. And it would be nice to have people to go through this with.
"Hey Vorden, if you had the option, or let's say I could turn you into a Vampire, would you?" Quinn asked.
"I don't want to hurt your feelings or anything like that, but the answer would be no," Vorden replied. "Being weak for most of the day, sure it's fine while we're on a planet like this but… besides what would happen to my ability?"
Quinn waited for the AI to answer his concern. The AI actually started to seem smarter than he first thought. From what he said earlier and also giving him the option to use his skill. Meant it was listening in on everything that was being said.
"Fine, I can see you're waiting for an answer, His whole cell structure would change, and he would then become a vampire. Or something like one anyway. Which yes would mean he would no longer have his ability. Not only that, but it might be a while before he could learn one as well."
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"You didn't learn the shadow ability the conventional way, there is no longer an ability book to learn from. It would be nearly impossible for you to teach it to him. Then you would have to wait until you found an ability book compatible with your Vampire cells."
"Yeah, sorry Vorden, it probably would get rid of your ability", Quinn said scratching the back of his head. "I just thought I would ask; you might have been one of those types obsessed with Vampires."
"There are people like that?" Vorden replied.
****
The two of them then started to head down the stadium floor, an area that was designed for combat. They had been looking around the room for an hour now, and it seemed like they were unable to find a place where the portal could be.
They needed to make a decision. Whether or not to leave the training centre and head outside to look for another place. But before deciding any of that, Quinn wanted to get the hang of his new skills.
Vorden was also interested and thought he might be able to help since he had experience with using elemental abilities before.
The first test was his dimensional storage skill. Just like with his other skills, all he needed to do was think about it in his head, and it would activate. While activated, the shadow from his own body started to wiggle and swirl about a bit. It looked like an ocean continually moving.
Using a piece of metal he grabbed earlier, he slowly pushed it into his shadow, and the object started to sink in until it eventually disappeared.
"That's kinda neat", Vorden said watching. "Can you get it back out?"
Quinn then placed his hand into his shadow, as he did his arm sunk into it, but he could feel nothing. He then thought of the piece of metal, and suddenly he could feel something in his hand, he pulled out the piece of scrap metal.
The two continued to do more tests with the dimensional storage. Quinn found out that not only his shadow could be used to gain access to things but also Vorden's shadow or any shadow cast by the wall and buildings.
When Quinn touched these shadows, they too would start to wiggle like his own shadow.
The next test was to see if they could store items bigger than the shadow itself. Vorden gathered a bunch of chairs from the stadium and formed them into one giant flat metal circle. Then Quinn placed one hand on the circle while the other on his shadow to store the item.
The shadow underneath his foot started to expand into the shadow created by the large circle. Eventually, the whole thing dropped inside.
It seemed like the size of the item did not matter, and the good thing was it didn't take up any MC to use it.
The next skill as the one Quinn was looking forward to the most. Shadow Control, a skill that didn't say much in terms of description.
[Shadow Control lv.1 active]
Then inside Quinn's mind, something had clicked. He felt like he had a new set of arms he could control. The shadow underneath his legs was alive, and could freely move about. He lifted the shadow, and it was like a dark moving mist that continually surrounded him.
"I guess the skill is limited to just the shadow around you for now. It's like a level 1 earth ability," said Vorden. "I wonder why it needs so many mutant cells to activate and is considered a level 6."
Using the shadow around him, Quinn was able to extend it out and lift the small piece of metal that he pulled from his dimension earlier. It was like controlling another person.
After using it for a while, Quinn seemed to get the hang of it. He could move the shadow to go anywhere around his body, or he could form it into whatever he liked. Even weapons but when changing it into a sword-like shape and trying to cut the metal, it did nothing but go around it.
It seemed like the shadow sword did not have the same properties.
"Well, now that you got the hang of it, you want to spar a little?" Vorden asked.
****

EP-93 Rescue Team arrive
Having the shadow just active and moving about didn't take much MC. It only took about one point of MC per minute. Which meant he could play about and activate the shadow for around an hour and a half if he didn't use any other skills.
This didn't change, no matter what he did with the shadow. However, there did seem to be one downside. While he was using his Shadow control skill, he was unable to cast Shadow cloak or even use his Shadow dimension.
The shadow underneath him was no longer there and was being controlled. If he activated the shadow dimension, the shadow would immediately fall to his feet again.
Now the two of them stood opposite each other ready to have a friendly fight. Vorden this time had a couple of metal balls hovering around him instead of spikes.
"Be careful Quinn, although these might not be like the spikes, they can still do a lot of damage."
"It's alright Vorden, my body can handle it."
Not using his full strength Vorden repelled the ball at a decent speed heading towards Quinn, at that moment he lifted the shadow from his feat to form a type of wall. As the two made an impact, the ball seemed to slow down.
It started sinking through the shadow slowly, then part of it could be seen from the other side. Quinn stared at the ball carefully, and then when the ball had nearly passed through the shadow wall, it started to accelerate.
"Uh, oh!"
The ball left the shadow wall and slammed right into Quinn's stomach falling to the ground.
"Argh!" Quinn shouted as he tried to breathe in some air.
"Well, I wasn't expecting that," Vorden said.
"Try again." Quinn groaned.
Vorden then fired the second ball of metal and once again Quinn lifted up his shadow shield, and the same result had appeared. Only this time Quinn moved to the side allowing the shadow to stay where it was before moving the shadow, the ball then carried on moving forward and banged into the stadium wall.
"Let's see how physical attacks work," Vorden said as he moved forward and swung a long metal pipe he had in his hand.
Using the shadow Quinn blocked again, and the same thing happened, however, Vorden was easily able to pull the object away from the shadow and attack in a new place. He also noticed that the shadow was only covering Quinn's front and was not big enough to go around his back.
If he was to use his attractive skill on one of the metal balls, he would easily be able to hurt Quinn right now.
Vorden continued to attack with the metal pipe, and Quinn continued to block moving the shadow in the areas where Quinn was attacking.
That's when he released something. Every time Quinn would hit his shadow, his MC points would go down by a chunk or so. The same thing had happened when he threw out the balls. The stronger the attack, it seemed the more MC points would be used from the shadow.
Then when Vorden was about to attack one more time.
"Wait, stop Vorden!" Quinn shouted.
His shadow had vanished, and he had run out of MC points.
The shadow acted as a type of shield; it wasn't solid enough to block attacks but would be able to slow them down. Later, when Quinn's MC points were restored a little bit, he did a few other tests.
If Vorden was close enough, he could use the shadow to grab onto him like an extra pair of hands, or even grab onto his legs, slowing him down.
But there wasn't enough of the shadow to use it in both of these ways. He could simply either use the shadow to attack or to defend.
"Well, I can see why your ability is a level 6 now." Vorden said, "I think it's more to do with how freely you can use the shadow and my example would be the skills. Normally a skill would just be a different type of attack but your ability, your shadows can actually be used to do entirely new things. A separate storage space, masking you in the night and even as a defensive shield. Its almost as if you have three abilities combined into one."
Quinn was happy with the results of the shadow ability and hearing Vorden talk about made him feel even more confident. He couldn't wait to unlock the other skills in the Shadow Tab of his system.
With the spar over, the two of them decided that once Quinn was fully rested and his MC points were back, they would exit out of the training centre and go exploring again. After all, if they did nothing, they would soon start to starve, and Vorden didn't want another instance where Quinn got too hungry.
It took around 30 seconds for Quinn to gain back a single MC point so it would take around an hour for all of his points to be restored. Then they would make their move back to the outside.
*****
Outside, in the abandoned shelter, somewhere in the city between two broken-down buildings in the middle of the street. A specific area started to appear distorted, the space itself looked as if it was bending. Then little sparks of electricity were seen coming from it.
*Zap
Suddenly, 4 people appeared holding hands together on the street. As soon as they saw where they were, they immediately let go.
"Is everyone here?" Fay asked as she did a headcount.
The homeroom teacher Del was here, although he was still wearing clothing like he was ready to teach. Then there was the Doctor Hayley, she was dressed more appropriately with high-end beast gear all over. She didn't look like her usual self in her white robe and looked almost intimidating.
It was what one would expect as her father was one of the generals of the school.
Then there was Leo, he was wearing light armour that fitted tightly to the skin similar to Fay. Both of their abilities focused on speed, so it was important not to wear something too heavy.
"Alright, our goal is to find the children", Fay said.
The rescue team had arrived.
****

EP-94  Who is stronger?
When entering the portal, as long as there was one on the other end, it would throw you somewhere within a one-mile radius of another. As long as there was already a portal set up on the other end. The reason why the group were holding hands is to ensure that they would all be teleported to the same place.
Unlike when Quinn and Vorden entered the teleporter one by one, they were chucked to different locations.
On Del's back was a fairly large rucksack that looked quite heavy. As he walked with the group, his footsteps stomped the ground and his back was arched.
"Why do I have to carry this thing!" Del complained.
"Right now you're the weakest of us four right?" Fay replied, "So if you want us to protect you, it's best that you carry the portable teleporter."
Del then looked at Hayley who was by his side, and even he had to admit she looked quite frightening for a doctor. She was in a full set of large beast gear. A frightening-looking chest piece that looked to have a face on it and spikes sticking out of the shoulder pads. On her back, she was carrying a large single greatsword that was nearly the same size as herself.
She almost looked like a professional Traveller that went hunting in these types of places all the time.
'Rich people, that's what happens when your father is a general in the army.' Del thought.
"Fine, I understand that but why even the need to bring the portable teleporter in the first place? Isn't the teleporter fine on this end?" Del asked.
"It's back up." Leo said, "Look around you and look at this shelter. It was basically the size of a city, don't you think they had people protecting it as strong as us. We might encounter a strong beast and have to make an emergency exit, or there might even be a beast blocking the current portal. It's always better to be safe than sorry."
"Okay with that being said and done, let's head for the training centre. It was the place the portal was last known to be, and we can see if it's safe or not. Leo will lead the way for us. I don't want to stay on this planet for long, and I don't want to find out what destroyed this shelter.
Leo walked upfront and using his ability, the group were able to avoid trouble. In a way, although blind, his sight was better than the others. His ability allowed him to see an aura around things and see them in different colours.
A beast's aura was always red, while humans yellow. It also allowed him to see the aura through most objects such as building walls and so on. Allowing them to avoid any confrontation with beasts.
However, if the group saw only a few Rattaclaw that they could deal with, instead of taking the long route round. Leo and Fay would often head out and deal with them quickly. The two of them were both swordsmen.
While Fay would use her longsword, Leo would use his katana blade. Not even giving the rats a chance to live.
As they continued to walk, Hayley had a question on her mind after seeing the two of them deal with the rats.
"I always wondered, which of you two are stronger?" Hayley asked.
The two upfront suddenly froze, and Del looked at Hayley like she had no sense of personal questions.
"Hey, you can't just ask something like that?" Del whispered.
Of course, he was interested. Everyone was. These types of questions come up all the time. Fay and Leo were both of the same ranks. Two of the 8 sergeants at the school. Talk always happened between the other teachers and soldiers about who was the strongest out of them all.
This also happened regularly with the three generals.
"It's okay," Fay said. "I can easily answer for you. It's Leo. I don't know if you two know this, but we had to practically beg him to join our ranks after the first war. Back then, he was only a private, but he had made so many accomplishments; it was unbelievable. He had one condition when joining the army. I would like to become a teacher."
Leo didn't say anything after that, in fact, he never spoke much in the first place, but Del was still wondering how it was possible. Leo's ability was handy, sure, and it might be a high-level ability. But that was only because it required a high amount of MC to use.
Not because it was powerful. While Fay had the ability of super speed. If the two of them fought, there was no way he could see her losing.
In the end, Del thought she must have just said that to be kind to her senior. Fay was still quite young, after all. Only in her late twenties.
Finally, the group had arrived just outside the training centre.
"We'll make sure the portal is safe first and then after we will go out looking for the kids," Fay said.
"The entrance looks clear." Said Leo.
They walked onward and eventually saw the dead Rattaclaws just outside of the entrance. Not only that but the entrance to the place was completely busted. It had been bent, and miss mangled but was still covering the door.
Fay went to the access machine and tried the code, the sound went off, indicating that it was unlocked, but the doors wouldn't move. They were too damaged.
"What happened here?" Hayley asked, "Do you think it was the kids?"
"I think you mean Kid," Del added. "Only one of them has an ability, remember?"
"Ah, Vorden is the original correct, his ability is to copy that of others. Although we don't really know how it works, it could be possible. If he copied a strong ability, then I could see him being able to kill these Rats.``said Fay.
"Well if we find Vorden we can go home, right?" Del asked.
"Are you suggesting we leave and not bother looking for the other one?" Leo asked.
"The mission stated to only find Vorden, anyone else is considered a bonus, would you risk your lives for one student."
"When I joined that war, what do you think I was doing?" Leo asked, "I was risking my life for the sake of everyone. For the sake of the human race's future and you know what. That is these children."
"Enough you two" Fay snapped. "technically Del is correct, but I see you are passionate about this. We will scout the nearby area using your ability. If we find nothing, then we leave. Fair?"
Leo didn't say much and started to walk up to the door, he drew out his katana blade and readied himself.
"Isn't that door made out of Glathrium it's one of the hardest materials we know of. It's why this training centre remained unharmed in the first place." Del said chuckling at the idiotic attempt Leo was about to make.
"I'm assuming you wanted to know why Leo is stronger than I am?" Fay asked.
Leo slashed the door with one swing. No sound was made, and it seemed like the door wasn't even touched. Then a few seconds later a vertical slash was seen in the door, and the top half fell backwards onto the floor.
"That's why." Said Fay.
****

EP-95 Truedream Familiy
After entering through the Glathrium door, the group then went to lift the fallen part of the door up and place it back up. It was heavy, but with Hayley's help, the door felt extremely light, and they managed to set it perfectly like a jigsaw puzzle.
While it might not keep the beast out at least, it would deter them from entering.
Del watching the whole thing hated to think just how high a level of beast equipment Hayley was wearing to be able to lift the door so easily.
They continued to walk in the hallway which was covered in darkness, although for Leo leading the way it made no difference.
But while walking, Del couldn't get out of his head how easily Leo was able to break the door. It wasn't like Del was a student, he was a professor too. He had participated in the war back then as well and never saw anything like what he saw today.
'Could it be a demon level weapon?' He thought.
But he quickly came to the conclusion that it was impossible. At the moment, there were only two demon level beast weapons in existence. One of them belonged to the Army, while the other belonged to the group known as Pure.
However, it was clear to Del that what Leo was using was at least a top-level Beast tier weapon.
They had entered the reception area, where several doorways were leading to different sections of the training centre. At the front, there was the reception desk with two hallways leading to the arena. Then there was the actual reception room which could also lead you to the canteen and the living quarters.
"Wait, stop," Hayley said to Leo and  Fay upfront.
She bent down and studied the ground.
"Can you see what this is? It's blood and leading that way." She said as she pointed to the living quarters.
"How can you tell which direction it's coming from the stadium as well?" Del asked.
"Well, the blood tail, you can see that it's heading in this direction and there's a lot of it, almost as if someone was dragged this way."
"Come on, let's hurry, it could be one of the students," Fay said.
They made sure not to rush but quickly headed in the direction of the blood following the trail. If there was a beast inside, they needed to make sure they wouldn't startle it.
Leo also no longer took the lead, and instead, it was Fay. Usually, Leo's ability would allow him to detect auras and abilities through wall's and such, but it didn't work through Glathrium, and the whole place was made of it.
Although he could still direct himself, he couldn't tell if there was danger up ahead until actually seeing it.
They followed the trail until finally, it led them to the hallway, with a broken door outside and a ripped apart chair.
Fay peaked her head into the room with the broken door and immediately turned away.
"Hayley I think you better take a look at this," Fay said, turning her head away.
Hayley took over and went inside the room, while Del also took a look and turned his head away.
"Did you see the body?" Del said, "its body was ripped in half, guts spilling everywhere."
Leo, who was standing next to him, turned his head and looked him in the eye. "No I didn't see anything, I haven't done so in a while now."
Hayley continued to examine the body, she went around the man's neck. Underneath his beast armour, she pulled out a coloured dog tag. While holding the dog tag, she continued to inspect the body, and that's when she spotted something.
'Again, two bite marks on the neck, just like the other students.' Hayley thought. 'Is there really a beast inside the academy somewhere, the same thing that killed this man? Or is it something else?'
Hayley then stood up from the body and walked forward.
"Do you want the good news or bad news?" She said,
"Just tell us everything," Fay replied.
"Well, the good news is it's not one of the students." Hayley then pulled out the tag which was attached to a chain and dangled it in front of the others. "The bad news is he was from one of the big four families."
Each person's face dropped as soon as they heard the news.
"Which one?" Fay asked.
"The tag says Truedream."
Fay immediately slammed her fist, against the wall as she heard those words. "Why them out of all the families?"
The big four families were the ones who had the power to rival the military. They were originals with immense power who chose not to share their abilities. However, the Truedream family was the most unique out of the four.
They had the closest connection with the military, enough to even have a seat at the council table. This was all because of the head of the family, who had the ability to steal others abilities.
If anyone ever tried to rebel against the Army, then they would get a visit from the Truedream leader, and they could never use their ability again.
The only problem was Truedream could only take away their abilities but not use them. So he needed a strong ally, and that's why he got close to the military.
Then when he felt safe and protected, he started to gather his own men, the abilities he had taken, he would gift to those he trusted, and they were truly grateful to him. But there was always this fear in the back of his mind he could be betrayed by his own.
With no powers for himself, he chose to stay by the military side.
This fear kept people in line, this fear was what made people complacent with the system the military had today. Although many didn't agree with the cruel ways and the carrot and stick approach, the current army had. They had no choice.
"We can leave him here for now, but it's best before we leave, we bring his body and take it to the Truedream family."
"It's a pain, but they should be thankful we brought back one of their own," Fay said.
After leaving the body be, they decided to follow the trail of blood back outside and into the stadium, and that's when they spotted the two kids lying down on the floor.
"They're here, what luck!" Del said as he ran forward.
Hayley, Fay and Del immediately went forward while Leo was the only one who stayed back. For in the centre of the arena he could see a colour of aura he had never seen before, one which was purple.
****

EP-96  I'm sick
Before the rescue team had arrived. Vorden and Quinn were both sitting down in the centre of the arena. The two of them didn't have much to talk about, so they just chatted about their old lives at school.
Quinn's life seemed horrible, he went on to explain how he was raised with no parents and how he was bullied since entering school. The bullying wasn't really bad until the treaty was signed. When there was no more war, that's when people started to go crazy.
However, whenever Quinn would ask Vorden about his school life, he would give a simple answer and ask Quinn a question. The first few times, he didn't really notice anything strange, but then, Quinn started purposely asking questions that were harder to avoid.
But again, Vorden seemed to avoid the question, and in the end, Quinn decided to stop. It wasn't right integrating someone like this. If Vorden had something he didn't want to share, then it was up to him.
"Hey, I just noticed something," Vorden said as he pointed at Quinn's wrist.
Quinn lifted his hand and looked at it, and even he was surprised by what he was seeing. The number on his wristwatch was still saying he was a level 1.
"I thought you said it would change when I activated my MC points?"
"Well, that's what's supposed to happen." Vorden then placed his hand on his chin as he thought about it for a while. "Do you think it's because you're a vampire? Just like how I can't copy your shadow ability, the watch might not be able to measure your type of MC in your body."
Hearing this news, Quinn was actually a little upset. With the use and gain of an ability as well as Vorden's plan. He was looking forward to being able to use his powers freely. As a level 6 user people would no longer challenge him just as he walked around the school.
But now, if he showed he had shadow powers and the number on his wristwatch still indicated one, they would be just as suspicious about him. They would say the watch was broken and get him a new one, but it would just be the same result.
"I think it's best if you hide your shadow ability for now." Said Vorden. "You've already hidden your vampire abilities for this long, you can hide your shadow abilities, right?"
Vorden could see Quinn was a little downhearted by the news he had given him. After learning what Quinn had gone through at his last school, it was understandable. In a way, Vorden thought he was helping him by getting revenge and attacking those second years, but it was just making him and Peter a bigger target.
'I'm so selfish' Vorden thought.
"Don't look so down," said Vorden. "If we find someone in the school that's good at technology, we can get them to tinker with the watch. They don't need to find out about your cells but just get someone to hack it, so it displays the number six. Plus look at the Brightside, the military tournament is coming up, and it would be good if you hide your ability until then. Show everyone on the big stage. Besides, if you came back with a level 6 now, they would be more shocked about how you learnt it so fast, so it works in our favour."
Hearing those words did cheer Quinn up a bit. There was always a geeky person who was good at technology in school. The only problem was approaching said person. Maybe this was something Layla would be better at doing.
Just then the sergeants and professors had entered the room, and surprisingly the first person who ran up to the both of them was their homeroom teacher Del. He continued to dash forward until he gave the two of them a big hug.
"I'm so glad you're both safe." He said with tears rolling down his face.
Quinn and Vorden thought it was sweet and didn't realise the homeroom teacher cared about them so much.
But the truth was, Del, didn't care about either of them at all. He was filled with tears of joy that they wouldn't have to stay in this scary place any longer.  He felt like the longer he remained in this place, the more likely he was to die, especially after seeing Ian's dead body on the floor.
Hayley then came over to the two of them and did a general check-up to see if they were okay. "You look a little different from the last time I saw you?" Hayley said.
"You remember me?" Quinn asked
"Of course, I do, I remember you taking that girl to my office at that time."
Not many people even remembered what Quinn looked like after seeing him the first time. Which is why the other teachers had no reaction when seeing him, so he was quite surprised.
"Boys your age do grow quick, you're looking like a man already." She said, smiling.
She didn't know why, but as she was touching Quinn all over, she could feel his bulging muscles. His body was toned for his age, and a certain feeling was coming over her a little.
'Looks like the Charm effect is working.' The system said, 'It's a shame you didn't save up all your stats and put all your points into the thing, she would have confessed to you right here and now.'
At first, Quinn thought the system was joking but looking at Hayley's face she really was taking a little longer to check up on him compared to Vorden. Suddenly she snapped out of it and took her hands away.
After checking all their vitals were fine, she handed both of them a food pill. Vorden took the pill immediately while Quinn did the same.
Although Quinn felt full, he decided to still take the pill regardless.
However, as the pill went into Quinn's mouth and down his throat, he started coughing wildly, it was as if he was choking on the pill.
"Is he choking?" Del asked.
"I highly doubt it, the pill is around the same size as a pea, and it dissolves almost immediately."
Quinn continued to cough with his hands placed on his knees until he threw up all across the floor.
Fay, who was standing by his side, had a worried look on her face. "Hayley quick check up on him, there's blood in his vomit."

EP-100 Dreamland
Outside somewhere in the world, there was a city named Dreamland. The place was condensed packed with buildings and skyscrapers everywhere, and there didn't seem to be a place of open land that could be seen. A large wall also stood surrounding it, around a hundred meters high.
On top of the walls, were several turrets and mechs standing guard day and night patrolling for any danger. Because of these things, Dreamland was considered one of the safest cities to live in. But it came at a cost.
Security was a significant issue, and so was habitable land on Earth. After the war, many of the old cities were obliterated and destroyed. Too much damage had been done. Parts of land gone missing, blown into small pieces, too small for humans to live on.
This was what caused the Humans to create shelters on other planets. It was a lot cheaper than living on Earth, and often many travellers from different associations and families would live there protecting the place.
But planet Earth would always be home to many, and it was hard for them to leave. They hated the fact that if they lived on another planet, they might have to live in fear of beasts attacking them at any moment.
Because of this, the few places left on Earth were only for the very top.
There were only two ways to live in the city of Dreamland. To either be really rich or to become a part of the Truedream family. Swearing absolute loyalty to the leader and doing whatever was asked.
In the centre of the city, there was a skyscraper bigger than any of the others around it. The whole building had been made of Glathrium, the hardest material known in space.
Inside, on the very top floor was a bald-headed man in a nicely fitted suit sitting down in his large armchair at his desk. His name was Jack Truedream. The leader of one of the big four families.
Just then, a female wearing business attire had entered the room.
"Sir, there has been a report that one of our family members has died?"
"What Rank was the Traveller?" Jack asked.
"Rank D sir."
Once students had left the academy, they were able to become Travellers and either work for a Faction, Family or as a freelancer. The world government issued these travellers with a Rank depending on the difficulty of tasks they can complete.
At some point, power levels didn't matter too much on the outside. The attribute that high-level beast gear gave you was much more useful. It was more important how you used your ability in conjunction with the beast gear.
When starting out as a traveller, everyone started as a rank F. The more tasks you would complete the more points you would be awarded. Usually, it would take a couple years between each Rank to level up.
Ranks went from F, all the way to A +.
Because of the way the system worked, it was always hard to gauge an F's ability, but the strong would usually move quickly through the ranks.
Therefore, travellers seemed to care less for power level and often looked at Rank instead.
   Our Rank D's die often out in missions, why the need to tell me?" Jack asked.
"Well sir, this one was received from one of the military bases, and it was one of our hopefuls named Ian."
Jack sat there and thought about it for a while. It was usual for him to get reports from other families and organisations when they found the dead bodies of his family. They wanted to do anything to get on his good side.
What troubled him, though, was the person who had actually died. To give a person an ability that he had taken away, he had to touch them and meet them in person. The low-level abilities he usually didn't remember too much.
But he remembered giving Ian quite a handy ability. He had also only taken a year to go from a rank F to a rank D and was hoping for better things for him in the future.
"Send me the report. I'd like to take a look?"
The female then clicked a device in her hand, and in an instant, a holographic display appeared in front of Jack. He used his hands to navigate through the pages and quickly read through the information.
There were also some pictures attached of Ian's body.
"Woah what a bad way to die," Ian said as he looked at the picture of his body cut in half.
But then he spotted something that interested him and started to zoom in, right on Ian's Neck.
"Alexa, bring me up the report from two years ago on Danny Fletchmen."
"Report has been found." His computer system said as it brought up another file.
He looked through them once again and noticed that another family member had the same mark on his neck. Usually, Jack wouldn't remember details like this, But Danny Fletchman was a level 8 user and was a B rank traveller.
One of the strongest men that the Truedream had in their family. When he had died, it had come to a shock to him, and no one knew who or what had done it.
'Could these two cases be linked somehow?' He thought.
"Apparently they coincidentally came across Ian when they were out looking for two students. I don't know much of the details."
"Do you know what military base they are from?"
The worker then placed her hand on her glasses, and images could be seen in the reflection. Words and articles started scrolling past her eyes.
"Military base two sir."
"Perhaps its time I pay a visit to them. It has been a while, and I could find out more information. In the meantime, find out what you can about Ian's last mission."
Jack then stood up from his chair and closed his eyes. Inside of him, he could see around ten little flames swirling around his stomach. Each of them looked slightly different from the others.
'It looks like I'm running low on abilities again, I guess it will also be a good chance to stock up as well.'
*****

EP-97  I've changed 
Quinn hadn't eaten anything in the last two days, if this was the case with anyone else, then they would be starving with hunger. However, it wasn't the case for Quinn. Before eating the pill, he felt completely full, and he could guess the reason why. Ian's blood.
The last thing he had eaten was the blood, and it was all he currently had inside his stomach. For some reason, as soon as he took that pill, it was like his body was rejecting it.
[Inedible substance consumed]
[ - 10 HP]
[45/55 HP]
Quinn had no trouble consuming foods before, sure his taste buds where bland compared to before but he could always scoff the food down his throat no matter what it was.
Hayley rushed over to check on Quinn once again and placed him on the floor. She checked everything she could and even started to use her healing ability on his stomach. A soothing feeling came over him as the light emitting from her hands produced a faint glow.
[A healing ability has been detected]
[unable to block ability]
[+1]
[+1]
…
[55/55 HP]
It was a relief to know that healing abilities still worked for Quinn. In the future, it would be handy to have one in his circle if he was ever seriously injured.
"Thank you, I feel much better," Quinn said.
[Your hunger grows]
Although she was able to heal him back up to full health, the healing ability could do nothing about the food he had just spilt all over the floor.
"Did you find out what's wrong with the boy?" Fay asked.
"Not yet," Hayley replied, "But I would need to take him back to the doctor's office when I get back."
Just then Leo had returned carrying something over his shoulder. As soon as he entered the room, Quinn was able to tell what it was straight away. The sweet smell was calling to him.
[Blood bank used]
[90/100 millilitres]
[You are no longer hungry]
After taking some blood from his blood bank he no longer had the urge to go grab the body of Leo's shoulder, however, the sweet smell did still remain in the room.
"Are we ready to head off now," Leo said, staring in the direction of Quinn.
'Is he looking at me? Can't be right, he is blind after all.'
"Now, you two," Fay said, looking at Vorden and Quinn. "When we head back, I want a detailed report of what happened. Although we have already heard the other side of the story, we would like to hear yours, so it matches up."
Vorden and Quinn looked at each other.
"You mean you know someone pushed us into the portal?" Vorden asked.
"Yes, the second year who was responsible came forward and admitted it. General duke is dealing with his punishment as we speak."
The two didn't know why, but someone was covering for Peter. Which meant that Vorden and Quinn's suspicions were right, someone had asked Peter to do this, and it wasn't just anyone. Someone with a high enough backing to be able to cover up and get a second year to take the blame.
The group started to walk around the training centre with the kids in the centre and Fay leading the front. Behind them was Leo and now Quinn was sure of it. Leo was staring at him intently, then he remembered Leo saying something about telling if someone was using an ability or not.
Could Leo have discovered Quinn now had an ability but if so, why wasn't he saying anything? Then before he knew it, Leo was by his side and moved his head right next to Quinn's ear.
"When we're back at the school, let's have a talk just you and me. I promise I won't hurt you." He whispered.
As soon as he finished saying his words, Leo went back to his position as a guard behind them. When Quinn turned around to take a look, he could see that Leo had a big smile on his face.
Quinn was finding it hard to trust people these days, but with a face like that, he really couldn't see him doing any harm, and he wanted to know what Leo wanted to talk to him about.
Worst case if he was to meet, he would bring Vorden and Layla along.
Finally, they had reached the reception room, the first place they had arrived at when they entered from outside. At the desk, there was a computer with a passcode machine next to it. Fay input the code which allowed her to turn and log into the computer.
After she typed away a few things, a large mechanical sound could be heard coming from the direction of the arena.
"Well, we would have never been able to open that thing ourselves," Vorden said.
Although Quinn thought differently. With his inspect skill, he could have at least got past the passcode machine, but he wondered if it would have helped him with the computer.
The group returned from where they had just come and this time when entering the stadium rather than just the plain flooring on the arena floor. Out from underneath, a large portal had been lifted and placed there.
"It looks absolutely fine!" Del complained, "Looks like I carried this thing for no reason after all."
As the group walked closer to the portal, Quinn was beginning to hear his heartbeat louder, and he wasn't the only one.
"What's wrong boy?" Leo said.
"It's nothing." He replied.
But it was a lie. After throwing up the food pill, it was clear to him that his body had changed after the last evolution. He could eat food and now he couldn't, so what about other changes.
Before when walking into the sun he would lose half his stats, what if this time he just burnt to ashes.
Vorden looking at Quinn had realised the same thing. "Hey, do you know if it's day time or night time on the other end of this thing. I haven't seen the sun for ages."
"The sun should still be out for a couple of hours." Fay replied, "But when you two get back, I suggest you rest."
Quinn gulped after hearing those words.
'Oh, will you relax!' The system said, 'Don't worry, the sun won't kill you.'
'Really?'
'Yes, why would I lie to you, all though it will have a different effect on you.'
'Like what?'
“Well, just wait and see.'

EP-98 Back again
With the system telling him he had nothing to worry about, his heart started to settle down a bit. It had no reason to lie to him, other than if he was playing some type of sick joke but then why would it do that. Although knowing the creator's personality through the videos alone, it was something he would totally do.
The group stepped into the portal and exited out from the other end.
As they opened their eyes, they could see they were in the training hall. The same one where Peter had pushed Quinn. Since they were indoors, no system message had appeared telling him his defects.
"But I thought the portal would send us to a random location?" Quinn asked.
"That's actually only the case with Red portals." Fay replied, "It's designed that way, so beasts are unable to know the location. Also, with a planet that has been undiscovered, which is usually the case with red portals, it's hard to pinpoint exact coordinates like we can on earth."
"Vorden you head back to class, there are some checks I still need to do on Quinn," Hayley said.
They did as they were told, Quinn followed Hayley along while Vorden decided to head back to his dorm room.
"Del, you're free to go, and Leo you come with me. We will report this back to Nathan telling him the mission is a success and I'm guessing he will decide what to do with the Truedream body."
*****
The students were currently in the middle of their classes. Layla was sitting in her seat, hitting her pen constantly on her table. She moved it up and down in the middle with her fingers. It was something she would do whenever she had something on her mind.
She was hoping one of her connections would be able to get Quinn out of there, but he had to be taken to a relatively unknown planet. The more she thought about it, the angrier she got, and all that anger was being directed at Peter.
As soon as classes were over and she entered the hallway, she could hear all the other students mumbling away.
"Did you hear? Apparently, the missing students are back."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah I saw Vordenn walking back to the dorms, and Professor Del was cheering out loudly in the hallway."
'Vorden's back but what about Quinn?' Layla thought.
She immediately rushed over to the boy's dorm to see if the rumours she heard were true, but before knocking on the dorm room, she hesitated. The last time she had done something like this, she was strangled by that psycho Vorden.
But she needed to know, she wanted to know if Quinn was safe. She gathered her courage and knocked at the door. A few seconds later and the last person she wanted to see had opened it. It was Vorden.
"Look, let me just get to chase, where is Quinn?"
Vorden smiled as soon as he saw who was at the door.
"He's at the doctor's office."
"Thank you." She said as she rushed off.
"Wait!" Vorden shouted. As she turned around, she could still see a huge grin on his face.
"You're not the only one that knows anymore." He said.
"What do you mean?" Layla asked.
Vorden then started to walk over to her slowly, the grin on his face was beginning to get creepier by the second.
"I'm saying you're no longer special and not needed by him anymore, because I know."
Layla turned and continued to run, and as she did, she had the final say.
"I guess you're still a crazy boy!"
She ran and ran until eventually, she had finally reached the doctor's office. When she entered the room, she noticed that Hayley wasn't there, but when she looked at each of the beds, she had finally found him.
"Quinn!" She said surprised, for a moment she had to look him up and down a couple of times. His jawline, his clear skin and just something about him was pulling her towards him.
"What's going on?" she said, "Are you using some type of Charm spell on me?" She had read enough Vampire Novels to know what was happening. Although she was fascinated with Quinn because of what he was, she had never thought he looked handsome, but for some reason, her mind was now running wild with thoughts.
'Can you turn this thing off!' Quinn said in his head.
'Of course, but I thought you would like this?' the system replied.
Of course I do, but if it's like this, she won't really like me, it's just because of the system.'
[Charm stat deactivated]
Suddenly, Layla no longer had the urge. But still looking at Quinn now, he looked different from before, and she had to admit he was now on the same level as Vorden with his looks. Although she didn't like Vorden, she knew a pretty boy when she saw one.
"Are you okay, what happened?" She asked.
While no one else was in the office, Quinn proceeded to tell Layla everything that happened in the portal world.
"I'm sorry, I wasn't there." She said, "I said I would help you, but I couldn't."
"Hey, don't worry about it," Quinn replied. "I wasn't expecting anyone to jump in after me, that's practically suicide."
"He did," Layla mumbled just quite enough so Quinn couldn't understand what she said.
For some reason, she felt like Vorden had one-upped her on the loyalty scale.
"Just remember if you need any blood, you can call me, you don't have to really be on Vorden." She said as she rushed out of the doctor's office.
It was a nice feeling to have people worry about him. For the first time in his life, Quinn truly felt like he had friends. It was a strange feeling he had never felt before, no one had looked out for him when he was hurt.
In the past, when he came back home all beaten up, he always had entered an empty room. No one would ask if he was okay or how he was doing. But ever since getting the system things were different.
After Hayley had given Quinn the all okay to leave the office, he finally returned to his dorm room. Inside Vorden was busy playing on a handheld device.
"Hey man, is everything all okay," Vorden asked. "They didn't find out you were a…" he looked around the room before finishing the last words "Vampire, did they?"
"Yeah everything was fine, she said she could find nothing wrong with me and my blood levels were normal. So she sent me back."
As the two of them were talking away, a beep sound was heard from the door. Indicating that it had been unlocked.
The door opened and in came Peter.

EP-99  Same Teams
With no one to talk to or no one to help him out of the situation he was in, Peter would often go out for walks on his own around the campus. His mind was filled with regret and Layla's words. In a way, he felt like he should have been punished for what he had done, yet Layla had just left him there.
He felt even less significant than before, he wasn't even worth being hit.
After walking around school a couple of times, he decided to head back to his dorm room as usual.
But as he entered, he had nearly experienced the shock of his life. The two people who he had thought had gone missing, possibly dead on another planet were in the room.
"Guys.." Peter started to say with his eyes watering up.
"GET OUT!" Vorden shouted as he pointed at the door.
"What?"
"I said, '' Get out!" Vorden shouted again, "If you don't get out Peter, I don't know what I will do to you."
"But this is my room as well." He cried.
"I don't care, ask them to change rooms but you are not staying here."
Peter then looked to Quinn for help hoping he would say something. But Quinn just turned his head away as his body was shaking.
He didn't like what was happening, but it needed to be done. What Peter had done was unforgivable. He and Vorden could have died, and if he really was still a level one, he would have been killed by the first Rattaclaw he had seen.
Peter stood there, still in shock. He didn't know what to do. As soon as he saw the two of them, he was hoping everything would go back to how it was. Before everything had happened. He wanted to tell them how sorry he was, but they wouldn't even let him speak.
Vorden then went to his desk and grabbed a book, chucking it towards Peter hitting the wall and falling onto the ground.
"The next one is going for your face if you don't leave." Said Vorden.
"Peter, please just go," Quinn said.
When Quinn spoke those words, it finally hit him. There was no redemption for him. No matter what he said or did, or even why. They had made up their minds; he was no longer their friend.
He opened the door and closed it behind him as he left. Looking around, there was nowhere left to go. It was already night time, it was nearly curfew so he couldn't go outside and all the other parts of the building would be closed now.
With nowhere to go and no one to rely on, he stayed in the dorm room hallway, curled up into a ball on the ground and cried himself to sleep.
The next day when the two woke up in their beds, they could hear a commotion going on outside. As they opened the door, they could see a group had gathered just outside their room, and they were all circling around something.
"What happened to him?"
"Look, the floors are wet underneath."
"Did he cry himself to sleep outside, I thought I could hear something last night."
A boy from the group then knelt down and grabbed Peter by the hair, lifting his head off the ground and waking him up.
"Hey, so it was you that was waking me up in the middle of the night." The boy said. Before deciding to do anything, the boy looked at Peter's watch and noticed he was a level one. The boy himself was only a level 2. So he took this chance to show everyone he wasn't at the bottom of the food chain.
"If you're going to stay out here like a dog, then you need to learn to shut up." He said as he lifted his hand and slapped Peter across the face.
Peter was already defeated at this point, he didn't care what happened to him. What were a few slaps, this pain was nothing. What was the point of fighting back he would only get hurt more? The only people who had bothered to help him in the past, he had tried to kill them.
This is what Peter wanted, he wanted to be punished for his actions.
As the boy lifted his hand to slap Peter again, he felt something grab his wrist. Then before the boy could even turn his head, he saw a fist right in front of his eyes.
The punch was so powerful the sound of his Jaw cracking could be heard, and the boy immediately was knocked out and collapsed to the ground.
As Peter looked up through his watery vision, he could see Quinn standing there with a look of anger on his face.
"I didn't do that for you." He said, "If anyone was treating someone like a piece of Sh*t like that, I would have done the same."
Without even looking at Peter, Quinn walked off with Vorden and headed to the canteen.
"Hey, who was that?"
"I'm not sure, but he was kinda hot."
"I don't remember seeing him in school, do you?"
"No, me either."
After breakfast, the group was to go to their homeroom class for the usual morning lesson before heading to combat classes. Everyone sat in their usual seats. Which meant that Vorden and Quinn were sat next to each other with Peter on the side.
"They really did come back."
"I heard they got pushed into a portal by some second year."
"It's amazing they managed to survive."
All of the students were talking about the two who had gone missing for a few days. It wasn't the talk around the school but was talked about frequently in Del's class since the students belonged to their class.
Del had finally entered the room with a smile on his face, as he prepared to give an announcement to the whole class.
"Good morning, everyone. Now that everything's back to normal again, I am proud to announce that your first portal outing date has been confirmed and will now be moved to next week. So please prepare yourselves as best you can. Oh, and remember to practise with your teammates. The same teams that were registered before will be used for this outing."
This meant that Peter would be on the same team as the others.
****

EP-101 Leo's Question
With morning lessons over and done with, it was time for Combat lessons to start. Layla had come over with Erin by her side to Quinn. They weren't exactly friends now as the two didn't really talk much.
In fact, Erin didn't really say much at all to anyone. However, over the last few days after searching for Peter together, they started to hang around each other more often. They had also practiced as a team together beforehand, and for the first time, Erin had actually called Layla by her name.
These were all huge steps forward in Layla's eyes, and before they knew it, the two of them would naturally just be around each other.
The three of them headed off to the beast weapons class while Vorden had already left for the elemental class.
Now sitting in the room all alone was Peter just blankly staring at the wall Infront of him. Even his fake friends were no longer talking to him at the canteen. Earl and his gang had been avoiding him ever since Erin had threatened them.
They had also already gotten their use out of him and no longer needed him anymore.
Peter continued to sit there and think back at all the stupid things he had done. If only he had done this differently, why did he decide not to ask for help, why did he agree to help them at the time? It had hurt back then and felt like he was going through hell, but right now, he couldn't even remember what the pain felt like.
As all these thoughts ran through his head, he started clenching his hair in his hands.
Every time a stupid memory came up, he would pull his hair, trying to forget it as if he was pulling the memories out of his head.
"Why!" Peter shouted as he pulled out a clump of hair.
"Why!" He said again, pulling out another.
His hands were now filled with parts of his hair. He could feel something running down from the top of his head. He had pulled so hard and so much hair that blood was starting to drip from his scalp.
***
As Quinn was just about to leave the second-year building to head to the beast weapons hall, he paused for a second right by the exit.
This whole time he had been back, not once had he set foot outside in the sun and for the first time, he would be doing so now. He had asked the AI system repeatedly what the effects were, but he would never tell him.
'Calm down Quinn, you already know you won't die so what's the worst that could happen?'
"Hey, Quinn, is everything okay?" Layla asked, noticing he had stopped just by the exit.
"Yeah, I'm fine," Quinn said as he took a step forward.
*Bang.
Instantly the effect of the sun had hit him. The ray's affected him more than ever, and a pounding feeling was heard in his head. He stumbled a little but soon caught himself.
It took him a few moments, but he finally adjusted to the sudden feeling.
[You are being hit by direct sunlight]
[All stats will be reduced by 70 percent]
'70, are you freaking kidding me!' Quinn shouted in his head.
"Now, now calm down." The System replied. "I thought you would act like this, so I didn't want to say anything."
"At least I had a chance of fighting in the sun before, I thought if I increased my stats to at least twenty, sucked a few people here and there, I would be like a normal person in the sun. What am I meant to do now?"
"Well honestly, I never really had this problem before, back at the kingdom we had plenty of items that stopped the sun from affecting us. Just take a look at your inventory. That ring you were looking at is given to the weakest of our men."
The System was suddenly revealing a lot more information due to the outburst. Whenever Quinn would ask the System who he was or if there were other vampires out there, he would ignore him and pretend he never heard.
However, Quinn needed to deal with one problem at a time and right now, and the sun was an urgent one.
"Look, I can see you're depressed." The System said. "How about this?"
He then opened up Quinn's menu and went to show him the shadow skills tab. Out of the ten skills, 3 had been unlocked, but seven were still grayed out.
"You just want to be able to fight in the sun, right? You see the skill named Shadow void, it cost a total of twenty skill points. I would recommend you unlock that next. The skill allows you to create your own space of shadows. Blocking it from not only the sun but outside viewers as well."
Although it wasn't a permanent solution to Quinn's problem, it was a solution. While Quinn struggled to walk Layla quickly came over and pulled out an umbrella over his head. She had kept it on her at all times for situations like these.
'Heh, heh, Vorden, looks like I'm needed more than you after all.' Layla thought.
Suddenly, Quinn started to feel a lot better.
[The sunlight is being blocked, all stats will return to normal]
"Do you guys have to be lovey-dovey in front of me?" Erin said as she saw the two walking under the umbrella.
"We're not a couple, he's just feeling sick. The sun gives him heat stroke easily."
"What a wimp," Erin said as she walked off ahead.
Quinn didn't know why, but Erin's words always seemed to sting a bit more compared to when others said it to him.
The three of them had finally arrived at the Martial hall and no longer needed the umbrella. Once again as he entered, he started to feel his heart beating faster than ever. He was nervous; the reason was simple. It was because of Leo.
For some reason Leo had asked that the next time the two of them met, to speak to him. Although Leo did say that he wouldn't hurt him, those words didn't exactly reassure him.
The classes had begun as normal with Leo asking the students to warm up by sparring with each other, but once again Leo had asked Layla to step away as Leo wanted to be his opponent.
Leo then took Quinn to the corner of the room away from the others, making sure they couldn't hear their conversation.
"Thank you for saving me in the portal world," Quinn said first, hoping to get on his good side by sucking up to him.
"I was just doing my job, what happened to your gauntlets, there's no energy emitting from your hand.”
"They broke in the portal world, I'm sorry, I'll pay you back."
Leo raised his hand, telling Quinn to stop speaking.
"Boy there is no need, those weren't expensive in the first place, but for something to break some beast gear, you must have fought against some beasts then."
Quinn started to laugh nervously, he wasn't prepared for this and didn't really know how to answer.
"Oh no, one of those Rat beasts jumped at me, and all I did was lift my hand trying to protect myself. The beast wouldn't let go, so I had no choice but to take them off and run."
"I see," Leo said as he stood there silent for a moment. "Quinn, do you know they say when someone goes blind their sense of hearing improves. Now let me be the first to tell you that is all a myth. However, my ability does improve my senses, and I can hear your heart beating ever so loudly."
Quinn gulped as he was afraid of what the old man might say next.
"Do you also know; they say that when a person is lying their heart beat changes ever so slightly and they start to sweat more. Now, Quinn, the truth is, I don't care what you are, but I only have one question to ask you."
"Are you on the humanities side?

EP-102  The Marketplace
Quinn started to think about the question Leo had given him. It was clear that he knew something about him through his ability, and it was why he had asked the question in the first place. But rather than out him to his higher-ups, or try to deal with him himself. He was asking a simple question.
'If I answer this wrong, will he attack me? Or maybe even turn me in?' Quinn thought.
But judging by what he had said earlier. If Quinn was to lie, he would be able to tell.
Everything about the current human society made Quinn feel sick to his very core. It wasn't just the government or the military but the originals as well.
When his parents were fighting in the war, why did they choose to reveal themselves towards the end and only then share their powers then? Why did the military design this cast system that put everyone into categories? In a way, he wanted to see the current society fail.
But did he want everyone to die? No. Did he want the Dalki to win the war, no, he didn't want that either.
Now that he thought about it more, he was in an interesting position. He couldn't exactly call himself human anymore. If they found out what he was, would they accept him over to their side? Probably not, humans were scared of the unknown.
But two people had already done it. Layla and Vorden did know what he was, and didn't stop speaking to him or treated him any differently.
Quinn knew what his answer was.
"I'm on my own side but there are people I want to protect on this side too."
For a second Leo just stood there silently. He continually looked at the purple flame burning around Quinn, and then he turned around and walked off without saying a word.
'I guess my answer was okay then.' Quinn said as he let out a huge puff of air. He felt like any second now he was about to have a nervous breakdown.
"Get yourself a new weapon kid!" Leo shouted, "You're going to need it for the portal expedition, and my offer still stands. Feel free to have a duel with me whenever you wish."
The combat classes had ended, and Quinn didn't end up doing much in today's session. With no equipment of his own, he had to pick something else from the wall. But when he tried using a sword, he realised how much practise you needed before he could even become half-decent at the thing.
Using his fist just felt natural to him, especially since nearly all of his skills required him to use his hands. This meant more than anything that he needed a new set of Gauntlets.
Before leaving the marital hall, he asked to borrow the umbrella Layla had and decided to head to the library for the rest of the afternoon. There he would be able to use the public computers.
On the way there he opened up his system to check on a few things. Firstly, it was his crystal inventory. Right now, he had 16 basic tier crystals, 1 intermediate tier crystal, and 1 advanced tier crystal.
The system shop had a set of Intermediate gauntlets for him, and all he needed for them was three intermediate crystals. There was no requirement of what type. Then there was the advanced tier crystal that could only be used as a ring.
He finally sat down on the computer and went on to the marketplace.  He started his search to see what was the standard price for selling crystals. Right now, the basic tier crystals were useless to him.
Before logging in to access the weapons section of the marketplace, he was to input his military ID number. This wasn't recorded by the system but just proved that he was allowed to buy and sell weapons.
The marketplace promised to scramble all information once confirmed and entered. If people were able to tell who was selling these items, then it would cause a big problem for the seller.
[Enter username ID]
"I'll just use the same one as my game."
[Blood evolver]
A standard basic tier crystal could be sold for 100 credits, an intermediate crystal 1000, and an advanced crystal 10,000 credits. Right now, he was sitting on a gold mine. Some crystals sold for more depending on the rarity of them or what they could be turned into.
Next, he started to search for gauntlets, there weren't as many online compared to other weapons, but there was still plenty to choose from. He noticed that once you moved up from basic tier weapons, the description of each item would be quite significant.
It would tell you what crystal was used to create the weapon suggesting that it might have some other type of attribute other than strength. For example, some might have fire resistance if made from a beast from a hot planet or ice-resistant for one from a cold one.
"Let me give you a tip." The system said, "Place your hand on the computer and use your inspect skill while looking at the item.”
Quinn did as the system asked and was surprised by the result. Suddenly, he could see the stats of all the weapons that were in front of him.
"But how?" Quinn asked.
"The system you are using, itself, is like a computer system. It scans the information the computer tells it and puts it into numbers for you to easily understand.  Although it will only be able to tell you if the beast crystal is in the database. I tried my best to put as many different beasts as I could in there, but there may be some I have never seen."
Quinn continued to search through the items, but something surprised him, none of them gave the same number of stats like the one in the shop. At most, the strength they provided was +5. While the intermediate weapon in his system was +6.
Sure it was only one strength of difference, but right now that was a lot. The second thing was the price of the gauntlets. They ranged from anywhere between 6 to 8 thousand credits. This was because it included the cost of finding all the crystals, and also paying for someone to forge the weapon together.
Even the basic tier weapons cost around 2000 or so credits. Quinn didn't even bother looking at any advanced tier weapons.
He sat there and started to think for a while about what to do and what was the best option. Without a doubt, he needed a weapon before next week.
In the end, he finally decided, the best thing to do was to sell the advanced tier crystal. Even though he was able to use it to create a ring that protected him from the sun. He needed ten of the things and not only that, it required a specific beast from a red portal planet.
A place where students just weren't allowed to go whenever they wanted. It was basically useless to him right now, and the credits would be more helpful.
Quinn then started to search for a Deathbat crystal on the market place hoping to figure out what price he could sell it at, but to his surprise, there wasn't a single Deathbat crystal up for sale.
With no clue how much to sell it for, Quinn decided to look at other specific crystals and priced it around there.
He did the base price of the crystal plus around 2000 extra credits selling it for 12,000 in total.
"And done, now all I need to do is wait for it to be sold, then I can buy two intermediate crystals and get the weapon from the system."
*Ding
It had only been a few seconds, but someone had already put up the money for the crystal. With it came a portal confirmation number. All Quinn needed to do was go to the storage unit and place the crystal in the teleporter. Once entering the confirmation number, it would teleport the item to the user on the other end.
****
Somewhere in a dark room, a kid with his hair gelled backwards that looked to be a similar age to Quinn was on his computer browsing the market place.
"Come on, what happened to that guy, I paid him good money to get that crystal for me. I only need one more." The kid said.
He never expected to find anything on the market place, but every day he would check just to make sure. However, the exact crystal he was looking for turned up.
"No way! And only for 12,000 credits. I have to buy this straight away!"
With no hesitation, the boy swiped his card on the computer next to him, confirming the purchase of the item.
A man then appeared from the shadows and stood next to the boy.
"Young master, if your father finds out you didn't get the crystals through your own effort, he will be furious. Every one of us had to go hunt those beasts as a trial for ourselves." The man said.
"Ha, ha, my father thought he could stop me, now with the ring I can finally leave this place!"
He then looked at the computer screen once again.
"Thank you, Blood evolver, you have made my day. If I ever meet you in real life, I promise I will repay this debt."

EP-103 Buying from the shop
After sending away the advanced tier crystal, it didn't take long for Quinn to receive the money. The Portal delivery box confirmed that the item was real with a scan and then with a flash, it was sent. At the same time, Quinn's watch made a ding sound.
He looked at his watch, and 12,030 credits were all his. Never in his life did he think he would be able to acquire this type of money.
His original plan was to obtain the earth ability from the school. Then he would work hard and possibly be able to upgrade his ability to a power level of three. After he could join a hunting faction and become a traveler.
Killing basic beasts and selling their cores. But even then, he would have had to kill 120 basic beasts to make the amount of money he had today.
Before doing anything else, Quinn immediately put up the sixteen basic Rattaclaw crystals for sale. These didn't take long to sell either. There were always people and companies looking to buy them. If the beast crystals couldn't be used to make a weapon, they would be used as an energy source instead.
Powering up vehicles, lights, engines and all sorts. Now the total amount of credits was 13630 credits. He looked at the number again and again, and a smile couldn't stop appearing on his face.
Logging back onto the market place, Quinn was now searching for two intermediate crystals. The shop stated that the gauntlets he was after didn't need any specific type so he went ahead and purchased the two cheapest ones he could find at 1000 each.
It hurt him seeing his credits go down so suddenly, but this is what needed to be done. There was a need to spend money before one could make money. The better equipment would allow him to hunt stronger beasts and earn more money.
Before heading back to the storage room to obtain his crystals, Quinn decided to search the marketplace a bit more to see if there was anything useful. He also looked at the items in his shop, but they all required specific beast crystals that were nearly impossible to find on the market place.
That's when he realized the items in his shop seemed to be quite rare. Even when searching for a similar weapon or piece of armor similar, there were no matches found for these types of items.
After searching and searching, he decided to fork out a load of money on a pair of black boots. He purposely chose a design that didn't look too fancy but also gave him the best stats. That way if others saw the equipment, they wouldn't think anything of it and wondered where Quinn was able to get the money from.
After spending eight thousand on the boots he now only had 3,630 credits remaining. As he walked over to the storage room, he couldn't help but have a skip in his step.
Finally, he had arrived and entered the combination for both of his orders and a few seconds later. A couple of large boxes had appeared in front of him.
Quickly he lifted two boxes and started to rush off towards his dorm room. As he entered the room, he was surprised to see Vorden wasn't there nor was Peter sitting outside.
Although he was too happy to wonder what had happened to them. He placed both of the boxes down and immediately ripped into them.
[Inspect]
[Intermediate Black horned wolf boots]
[Agility + 4]
[Defense +2]
[When boots are active can increase the user's speed by 10 percent for 30 seconds. If hit while active, speed will return to normal]
The boots were a solid black in color, while the top of them that covered above his ankles were slightly pointed to imitate the ears of a wolf. Other than that, they just looked like regular boots which were perfect.
Quinn could have bought cheaper boots but what interested him about these where they had their very own active skill in them as well. Quinn had heard of such items having skills, but usually that was the case with hire tier equipment.
It was quite rare for a piece of intermediate beast equipment to have an active skill. Which was why the item was priced at the higher end.
Next were the two intermediate crystals he had bought, he held each of them in his hand, and the message had appeared.
[Would you like to store intermediate beast crystals (2) in your inventory?]
After selecting yes, the two crystals started to disappear and suddenly vanished out of the palm of his hands. Now when he accessed the shop, the gauntlets that he was looking for were no longer grayed out. After selecting the item, a final message appeared.
[Would you like to create the "Best standard" intermediate gauntlets?]
[Cost 3 intermediate crystal]
The naming of the item was a bit strange, but that still wouldn't put Quinn off. He was the only one that could see the name of the things anyway.
After selecting yes, an image was inserted into his head. He could see the three crystals he had obtained in a black empty space. Each of the crystals started to slowly move towards the center of the room, as if they were being attracted by something.
Finally, when the three crystals touched a large white light formed in his mind, then when the bright light dimmed down all that was left were the grayish-silver gauntlets. They didn't look like anything special. In fact, it was hard to tell that they had even been made from beast cores in the first place, but Quinn didn't mind, all he cared for was where the stat points.
When he opened his eyes and looked down, the gauntlets were placed in his hand.
"Wow this is amazing, it really did just form itself and appear out of nowhere?"
[Inspect]
[Best standard Intermediate beast gauntlets]
[Strength + 6]
[Defense + 4]
[When using the skills Blood swipe and Blood spray attacks will be 5 percent stronger]
He then immediately went into the shop again, but this time something strange happened. He scrolled and scrolled and looked and looked, but the item he had just created was no longer there.
"If you are looking for the gauntlets they are already in your hands." The system said, sounding half confused.
"I know that." Quinn replied, "It's just, I thought I could make another one. If I bought three more intermediate crystals, then I could sell it online and make my money back."
"Unfortunately, each item in the system is a one-time item." The system answered. "Once you have created it once, the item may never be created again."
Suddenly, Quinn felt a little depressed. The reason he had spent his money so freely on the boots was because he hoped he would be able to make another pair of gauntlets and sell them online.
"Let me show you something cool." The system said. "Open up your dimensional portal using your shadow skill and place both of the boots and gauntlets in there."
"I'm not going to lose them, am I?" Quinn asked.
"Just trust me."
Quinn had already done a few tests with the dimensional portal so he was sure that he would be able to get the equipment back. He did as told and opened up a small shadow portal putting both of the items in.
[Weapons and Armor detected in Dimensional space]
[New skill shadow equip acquired]
"Shadow equipment? what does it do?" Quinn asked.
"Just try it out and see."
[Shadow equip activated]
As soon as the skill was active, clouds of shadow surrounded his hands and feet, he could feel something forming on top of his hands and legs. Then when the shadow clouds disappeared, the equipment he had put in the portal was now on him.
It was like instant equipment, with this Quinn didn't need to wear all his equipment beforehand. He could even hide high levels of equipment from the eyes of others and be ready for a fight anytime.
With the new equipment all set up and ready, Quinn was itching to test it out, and he knew the perfect place to test it. The VR Game.
Unknown to Quinn though, the last time he played, he had caused quite a stir. People claimed he was a hacked player. And one person in particular, had been checking the game every day for Quinn to login.
Logan was waiting for him, this time when he logged in, he was going to find out just who this Bloodevolver was.
—-
We are currently Ranked number 1 Goals down below keep voting.
20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters
Rank 1 till the end of the week = Webtoon!

EP-104 Combination skills
It was getting late that day, and soon it would be night time. Tomorrow was the weekend, so once again, the students would be free to do what they want as long as they didn't leave the city for a couple of days.
With this, Quinn decided to head back to his dorm and call it a night. When he arrived at the halls of the dorm, he could see Peter sitting up against their room wall asleep. As Quinn walked past and entered the room, he took a glance at Peter, who looked to be bruised and beaten.
Not only that, but he seemed to have a couple of clumps of hair missing from his head.
'Is he still getting bullied, I wonder who ordered him to do it? Maybe Layla will know more." Quinn thought as he entered the room.
He still hadn't forgiven Peter, and truthfully he never thought he could. But still, he wanted to stop incidents like this from happening in the future. To do that, he needed to find out who was at the top giving out the orders.
When Quinn entered the room, Vorden was already inside on his bed relaxing.
"Hey," Quinn said, "Where have you been? I came back earlier, but no one was here."
"Oh, that," Vorden replied. "Actually, something has been really bugging me about the whole Peter situation. It's obvious someone asked him to do it, right? And they had already set up a fall guy to take the blame. But when I tried to find out what happened to that person today, not a single person knew. Everyone just kept saying the punishment was dealt with by Duke since he's a second year."
"Why don't you go to the first-year students he was hanging around with before, maybe they know something?"
"Yeah, I was planning to do that on the weekend, but we need to be careful. If my hunch is right, this would involve someone at least at the sergeant level."
"Do you want me to come with you?" Quinn asked.
"No, I think it's best if we investigate separately. Plus, if I get caught its harder for them to touch me, while for you, it's a different matter completely until we get level on your watch sorted."
"I know!" Quinn said as he snapped his fingers. "Why don't you ask Layla, apparently when we left they ran into those friends of Peters."
The face Vorden was currently making wasn't one of happiness, but it wasn't one of disgust either. It was as if he was trying to put on a smile, but his body was fighting against him.
"Quinn, you do know me and her don't get on right?"
"Well you know you're going to have to, we have the expedition next week. Use this as a chance to repair your friendship, I've already lost one friend, don't make me pick and choose between you two Vorden."
Vorden then grabbed the pillow by his side and threw it at Quinn's face.
"Alright man, I'll try."
The two of them then laid down in their bed to get some sleep.
'You're not actually going to try to become friends with her, are you?' Raten asked, 'Just kill her and then he doesn't have to choose, we are his best friend, done, deal end off.'
'Go away and let me sleep.'
With Vorden investigating the situation, that meant Quinn would be free to Head to the VR room tomorrow, but before he shut his eyes to go to sleep, he decided to have a look at the tutorial video he had unlocked when reaching level Ten.
Once again, the blonde man appeared, who looked like he was in some type of dojo.
"Congratulations on reaching level 10, now in this video no new skills will be learnt, but instead we will be creating our own. By now you should have also unlocked the skill blood spray and learnt the skill Hammer strike. Although Blood spray can be used on multiple targets, to do the most damage its best if you are actually touching your opponent. What's even better is if you combine the two skills together."
The blonde man then got into a fighting stance once again, he repeated all the steps of the Hammer strike as usual but right at the end when the force came out, he performed the blood spray attack. Rather than spreading out like it usually did, it was compact and came out together in a thick line. In the video, a loud sound could be heard.
"Whoops." The blonde man said, "Looks like I will have to make some repairs to the dojo. This move I call Hammer spray. Now be careful because this attack will not only use up your stamina but will drain you of your blood as well. Also, the Hammer spray takes slightly longer to prepare, so it may not be optimal in all situations. But the point is, if you activate blood spray with a punch in your fist, it will be several times stronger."
After watching and analyzing the video carefully, Quinn finally shut his eyes to get some sleep.
The next day when they awoke, Quinn was greeted with his usual message.
[Avoid sunlight for eight hours 5 exp gained]
[10/100 exp]
Quinn was glad that after he evolved his exp points seemed to have reset. He hated to think how hard it would be to level up if his exp kept doubling up all the time. In fact, it seemed like an impossible task in the future.
As the two woke up, they started getting ready. That's when Quinn noticed something as Vorden changed out of his uniform.
"Hey Vorden, don't you use a beast weapon or anything?" Quinn asked.
When leaving the city just in case of an attack, people usually carried their weapons with them. Quinn was keeping his in the Dimensional void for the time being.
"Actually, most of the time, I prefer to use elemental abilities, which kind of just get in the way with weapons. Although you're right, I should probably pick one just in case I get an ability where it would be useful."
"Well, if you could, is there anything you're best at or anything you would want?"
"Hmm, I guess I always thought Daggers were cool, but it might be a while before I can make my own beast weapon. My family doesn't like to send me money because they think I should earn everything myself." Vorden said, laughing.
Quinn had actually planned to create a new weapon for both Vorden and Layla. They had both helped him so much, and he wanted to return the favor. Layla had helped him learn so much about vampires while Vorden had even come in after him to the portal world.
There was also the worry that other Vampires or something else might come to attack them. If that was the case, they might go after those around him, so there was no harm in making them stronger.
As the two exited out of the room, they noticed that Peter was still up against the wall sitting there.
"You can go in the room and sleep there while we are out, just make sure when we come back in, you're out of there," Vorden said.
The two continued to walk off until they had finally split ways. Quinn headed to the VR room while Vorden started to head outside the building.
"That was nice of you," Raten said.
"We can't become worse than what we are trying to get rid of," Vorden replied.
"Speaking of getting rid of people, here's your chance."
Standing just outside the gate was Erin and Layla. Both of them were no longer in the military uniform. They were dressed in their casual clothes for the weekend. Layla wore a stunning red dress while Erin was a bit more elegant. It was white in color with flowers on the bottom, and on top of her head, she was wearing a large summer hat to block out the sun.
As soon as Layla spotted Vorden. She turned her head away. Nearly every interaction with him so far while Quinn was away wasn't a good one. But then she started to hear the sound of footsteps getting closer and closer.
'No, he couldn't be, is he walking over to us?' She thought.
'Come on Vorden, you're doing this for Quinn. You can do it,' He thought.
Now the two of them were within grabbing distance once again.
"I…I.."
For the first time, Vorden was stuttering in his life, but it wasn't because he was scared, it was because of Raten yelling all sorts of things in his head.
"I need your help." he blurted out.
The look on Layla's face was one she had never made before.

EP-105 Bloodevolver Returns
As Quinn headed down to the VR room, he was suddenly feeling excited. Now with his credits, he could spend as much time in the game as he wanted and practice the skills until he got tired of it. Eventually, though, the best thing would be for Quinn to purchase a capsule of his own. That way, he could play the game in his room and connect to players not just within the military camps.
But just remembering the price of the thing made him shudder. 100,000 credits. To purchase the item, he would need ten advanced tier crystals or hundred intermediate tier crystals. To get that sort of money would take him years.
It was a shame Quinn thought that he couldn't use the system to reproduce the weapons again and again. If so, he would be able to have an unlimited supply of money. But it did make him wonder if there was any way he could exploit the system in some way.
Then the idea hit him, he already knew all the items needed to make the weapons. In fact, the gauntlets he was using now only required three beats crystals. As long as he gave the items and his original gauntlets as a reference, a blacksmith should be able to reverse engineer and create something similar.
'Let's see, three thousand coins for the materials, then two thousand for the blacksmith fee. That's five thousand coins in total, then if I sell it on the marketplace for eight thousand coins, that would be three thousand in profit.'
Quinn quickly realized the problem with his plan. The profit earned from selling the weapons would not be enough to cover the cost of making the weapons again. He would either himself need a large amount of capital in the first place or find an investor who was interested in the idea.
"I would be careful if I was you." The system said in a serious tone. Different from its usual self. "Do you remember when you searched for the items from the shop, how none of them appeared on the market place? Well, there's a reason for that."
"Which is?"
"These weapons and the blueprints that were used to create them, don't belong to humans."
Quinn didn't need to hear him say the name. He knew what the system was talking about. They belonged to the vampires.
"I'm afraid if you start mass-producing these items and start selling them to the public, they will start looking for you."
"So I guess that rules out that plan."
"I never said, you couldn't, I just said to be careful."
For now, perhaps Quinn would have to put his money making plan on hold. He still wasn't strong enough to deal with other humans, never mind vampires, and besides, he didn't have an investor or someone who could back him up anyway.
Finally, Quinn had arrived at the VR center and went up to the counter. This time he deposited 100 credits into his account so he would have ten hours of playing time. He wasn't planning to play it at once, but this way he wouldn't be interrupted.
It was early in the morning, so there weren't a lot of people around yet. Besides, people didn't usually want to spend their weekends playing a game all day.
Quinn made sure he was in between his own capsule and another.
He looked around and then when no one was looking, opened up his dimensional void to pull out his boots and gauntlets. He placed them both in the scanner and when the process was finished, proceeded to put them away back in his dimensional void again.
[Welcome Bloodevolver]
After entering the pod, he was transported to the blank white space. The first thing Quinn tried to do was look at the ability list. He scrolled and scrolled, but it was as he thought. The game system had no such ability.
He tried to use his shadow abilities just as he had done his blood abilities. However, this time they did not work.
"Can the system not record mutant cells? Is that why the abilities have to be manually inputted?" Quinn didn't really know the answer to his own question and to be honest, not many people would, so there was no need for him to worry about it for now.
All he did know was his blood abilities worked in the game while his shadow abilities did not. But then there was also his new ability Daze that wasn't part of the shadow.
Before going into matchmaking, Quinn wanted to make sure he had a hang of the new tutorial he had been shown.
In the game, it didn't take up any of his health, and he could use his blood skills as many times as he wanted. He watched the video one more time as a reference before trying to perform the skill himself. On his first try, he was quite successful.
Unlike the other skills, there really wasn't much to learn, it was more a sense of timing, activating his Blood spray skill at the same time as his Hammer strike.
Quinn then started to just throw out a few regular punches while activating blood spray, only at the point where his arms would fully extend.
Sometimes he would activate it too early causing his arms to jerk back a little and sometimes he was successful. The most important thing was to get the hang of the timing, activating it at that right point.
After practicing non-stop for around thirty minutes, his success rate of using blood spray with his punches was around 80 percent. With hammer strike, he could get it nearly 100 percent of the time, but like the system had said, it took longer to charge up the hammer strike when combining it with the blood spray.
"Time to test out these new skills."
[Searching for same level opponents]
The fact that Quinn was a level one still meant he was able to search for opponents at the same level as himself. To start off with he just wanted some easy picking to test out his skills, but the second he started to search, his player ID had gone online.
"Oh, I haven't seen him in a while," Nate said. "I thought he might have stopped playing the game."
Ever since Nate had fought against the Bloodevolver, he had gained an interest in the opponent, mainly because of the type of ability he had.
[Now spectating Bloodevolver]
But he wasn't the only one keeping an eye on him. So was Logan. The forum post had long since died down, but it still bugged Logan that there could be someone taking advantage of the game he helped create.
He had set up the system so it would ping him as soon as the Bloodevolver went online. Then he could spectate his games without having the need to be on his friend's list.
"Come on, let's see how you do it," Logan said as he waited for the Bloodevolver to find his next game. There was a part of him that was hoping the videos were fake, he needed to see it with his own eyes whether or not someone was able to break the system.
After searching for a minute or so, a suitable opponent was found. Each player's avatars had entered the game.
Equipped with his new boots and gauntlets, his stats were as high as they ever had been.
[Strength 16 (+6)]
[stamina 15]
[Agility 16 (+4)]
[Charm 5]
The countdown began, and the game had started. In an instant, Quinn rushed forward. With his new boots, he felt lighter and faster than ever.
"These things are amazing."
The first fight was simply a test of everything he could do. While running, he decided to activate the skill from the boots, increasing his speed even further for another thirty seconds. He would run from side to side, his opponent found it nearly impossible to keep up with him.
It was like looking at a fly, one second he could keep track of it, then suddenly it would change direction, and he would lose it.
The user then prepared the water held in his hand and started to form a long blade with it. After running around the room for thirty seconds, the boots had finally worn off, and now Quinn was heading straight for his opponent.
[Five minute cool down before wind run can be used again]
"He's really going to just run straight at me?" The user thought, and when Quinn was close enough, he swung his water blade across right at him.
"I probably won't die if that thing hits me, but time to try it out."
He looked the user in the eye and for the first time, activated his new skill.
[Daze has been activated]
[Your opponent has been stunned]
Suddenly a fear had set into the water user's mind. A shiver was sent down his spine, and when he tried to move his hand, there was no response.
Quinn then threw out his fist and right when it landed on the user's stomach, he activated his blood spray at the same time. The user was sent flying through the air, and a trail of splattered blood followed, leaving Quinn's gauntlets.
[Winner Bloodevolver]
It had only taken a single punch with Blood spray to finish his opponent off.
"Looks like all my vampire abilities work here, not just my blood skills, well that's good to know."
Logan had watched the whole thing. He couldn't believe it, it was true the user could use some type of red energy. It didn't look like any ability he knew off, but that wasn't the problem. Logan had even checked beforehand and confirmed that Quinn had selected no ability before entering the game.
He quickly started typing rapidly onto his keyboard and searched for any information he could pull. Most of the information was scrambled for the user's safety. He couldn't find out who was in the pod, but he could find out other information.
After typing away for a few minutes, he finally found the information he needed.
[User Bloodevolver login location: Military base 2]
"Oh, will you look at that, it seems like we're quite close after all," Logan said, smiling at his computer screen.

EP-107 Blood Hammer
Unlike the other users Quinn fought with before this one. He was more skilled. It reminded him of Vorden a bit. Creative and skilful when using his abilities even though he wasn't the highest when it came to power level.
[Wind walk]
[Boots activated]
Using the boots skill, he was able to increase his speed and avoid all the spears coming towards him from the ground.
"Wow, he's quite fast, isn't he?" Someone from the crowd said.
"I think it's those boots, they look pretty plain, but they might be at the intermediate tier or even the advanced tier."
Although Quinn could finish the match by continually throwing out his blood swipe, he didn't want to win that way. Right now, this was an excellent experience for a battle in the real world, where he would have to be careful of losing his health.
"What an annoying little fly!" the earth user shouted. He then lifted both hands together to create two long walls that went past Quinn.
As he brought his hands together, the walls moved with it.
"Now you can only go in one direction."
With no other options, Quinn had no choice but to run straight ahead, but he had a plan.
"Skill Daze!"
[Daze Failed, user not stunned]
"Oh, crap."
Right now, Quinn's charm stat points were incredibly low, meaning it was unlikely for it to work against stronger opponents. The higher they were, the lower the chance it had of working. But so far it had worked every single time.
Part of this was due to Quinn's luck, but the other part was the fact that they were only Level one's and level twos he was facing before.
Just then the earth user created another wall Infront of him, then started to punch the wall several times. The parts of the wall came flying out at incredible speed. The attacks were to fast for Quinn to react in time.
The pieces of rock ended up hitting him one by one and sending him back.
[42/55 HP]
[38/55 HP]
[34/55 HP]
But Quinn gritted his teeth and managed to not fall over, as the next set of rocks came towards him, he flashed stepped Infront of them all, causing them to miss and go behind him.
"I guess even with his strange Red powers, he just can't beat a high level."
"Well, did you see the other guys strength? It must be because he's using a full set of beast gear. No way a normal Level four user could hit a solid wall like that and cause those rocks to go flying at that speed."
"Well, I guess it was all just hype in the end."
But one person thought differently. "Come on Bloodevolver, I could beat this guy in my sleep. I know you're better than this." Nate said.
"You know, your lack of experience when it comes to fighting ability users is really starting to show." The system said.
"Shut up, I know," Quinn said. "Screw this."
Quinn had, had enough, he started charging forward once again. The earth user created another wall in front of him and had done the same attack as last time, punching the wall, causing rocks to fly out.
"Let's see what's stronger."
Matching each rock, Quinn started to throw out a blood swipe for every rock thrown at him. Quinn's Blood swipe was clearly stronger, destroying the rocks and continuing to go forward.
Seeing this the Earth user had no choice, he jumped back and had put up rows and rows of walls between the two of them creating a barrier around 3 meters thick.
"Screw your wall!" Quinn then started to make the motion of the Hammer strike, bringing the energy up from his toes to the top of his body.
"That's it, that's the strike that was used against me!" Nate said excitedly. "But I don't think it's going to be enough, why not use some more of the red stuff to weaken the walls first. Or break the walls to your side, which are thin and get behind him."
Nate was worried, although it was clear the Bloodevolver was strong, it was also clear he was an amateur when it came to fighting.
"Take this, Blood Hammer!" Quinn screamed as he let out the hammer strike, and at just the right moment activated his Blood spray at the same time.
The 22 strength, with the additional 5 percent and now combining the hammer strike with Blood spray, created a powerful attack.
As his fist hit the wall, it instantly started to shatter and burst into pieces all over the arena. Fragments of the wall came flying out into the stadium. Some of the audience members dodged avoiding them, while others just stood there.
"Idiots, you do remember this is a game, right? The attacks from there can't hurt us."
The strike continued to blast through the wall. This was something the earth user had never expected.
"I'll just have to take the hit then," He said, but as the attack hit him, he instantly burst into blue particles ending the game.
[Victory Bloodevolver]
At that moment though Quinn had collapsed to the floor. Combining all of the attacks and using his skills from before had taken up all his stamina. Soon after though he was transported back to his own lobby space where his strength would be returned.
The whole crowd was silenced. They didn't know what to say or what they had just seen. During the entire match, the earth user hadn't been hit once. Even though he was wearing a full set of Beast gear, he still lost. This would have increased his defence as well as overall strength, yet it was useless in front of the single attack.
"Just who was that guy?" Someone said.
"I told you he was strange and did you see his weird Red ability?"
"Yeah, I've never seen anything like that, did you?"
"Hey, can one of you upload that, and put it on the forum. Maybe an original has managed to get their ability in the game somehow."
While the others were excited and chatting away, Nate's whole body was shaking. He had goosebumps and shivers running all over his body after seeing the last attack.
"That attack, it wasn't the same one he used against me. It looked the same but was different."
He knew that if he had taken that attack head-on like he did the Hammer strike last time, Half of his health wouldn't have gone down. It would have been the whole thing, and he would have been just as dead as the user in front of him.
"So you really did get stronger, well I will just have to get even stronger then."
Back inside the lobby all of his stat points had been returned, So Quinn was no longer on the floor gasping for air like he had just sprinted a whole Marathon.
"The Blood hammer strike skill took up a lot more stamina then I thought."
Although he had performed the Blood hammer skill several times in the lobby, while in the lobby the game did not take away any of his strength. Only during matches would his normal stats be used and it was the first time he had used Hammer strike in a game.
But a smile was suddenly on Quinn's face.
[User defeated 25 exp Gained]
[40/100 Exp points]
Finally, after defeating a level four ability user, the system had rewarded him for his hard work. Although Quinn wasn't physically tired the last match had taken a lot out of him mentally. It was hard to go into the match after the match when it was that intense.
It was fine when the matches only lasted a few seconds, but it was different when it was like that. So he decided for today he would take a break.
He exited from the pod and to his surprise, what looked like a little boy was standing in front of him.
"Hello, Bloodevolver." Logan said. "Looks like we finally meet."

EP-108 Logan an Android
The boy standing in front of Quinn was quite short. His height only reached to about Quinn's chest, and he had dark green coloured hair that had a middle parting going down both sides. But what was most noticeable about him was the enormous black bags he had under his eyes.
But hearing the words come out of Logan's mouth took a while for Quinn to process. He looked around to see if there was anyone else around the two of them. But the few users who were using pods were either still inside or several rows away.
"So how did you do it, huh?" Logan asked. He immediately walked past and shoved Quinn to the side and started inspecting the Pod he was just using.
He placed his hand on top of the machine and closed his eyes.
"Doesn't look like any modifications have been made to the pod. Then how?" Logan mumbled.
Then when looking at Quinn, he spotted that his watch had the number one displayed.
"What, that's impossible though, you used such powerful skills in the game, you should at least be a level five. I could have sworn you were an Original?"
In return, Quinn looked at his watch and saw the number eight on it. The highest level the watch was able to display. At that moment, just looking at the number struck fear into his heart, and he froze.
'Should I make a run for it? If I do, will he attack me right here and now. I had so much trouble with the level four in the game there's no way I can go against a level 8 right now. And he might be even higher than that.' Quinn thought.
Although the watches displayed up to a power level of 8, there were actually people considered stronger than that. The system was based only on the abilities the military could get a hold of. Meaning the highest power level they were able to hand out was that of eight.
But even within their own ranks and between other originals some powers went beyond. So, by default, if a user's mutant cells were beyond, it would display eight.
"You're not thinking of running, are you? Because I haven't finished questioning you. I need to know how, how did you manage to break my game!" Logan shouted as he started to go off into a rant. "I could understand if you hacked into the system but this, this, this. I just don't understand. I need to understand."  Logan started getting closer to Quinn as he rambled like a mad man.
'Why do I seem to attract the strangest people?' Quinn thought.
"If you don't want to answer me here, then you can go with me to my dorm room. There's plenty of time, and nobody will be able to see us." As Logan touched Quinn's hand to pull him over something strange had happened.
[Ability detected]
[Alterations to the system are trying to be made]
[Alterations have been blocked]
But the strangest thing was, Quinn wasn't the only one who was seeing these messages, Logan was too.
He animatedly let go and touched his hand as if he had been scratched by something.
"You, are you a…."
This was it. Before Quinn could do anything, his cover had been blown. Maybe Layla and Vorden understood, but there was no way a stranger would understand. Would he have to fight to the death to keep his identity a secret? Or would he use his shadow cloak skill to hide and run away?
Maybe he could run to one of the portals and live his life on another planet.
"Are you a robot?!" Logan shouted.
"Huh?" Quinn replied, confused.
"You, you have a system, my ability confirmed it, for the first time as well I was rejected by a computer. You must be a robot with a powerful master, an ability that goes above mine. Did Richard Eno create you? That would also explain the game. My system and the level 1 on your watch. A robot can't have any MC points, and those attacks must be programmed into your artificial brain!"
Looking at little Logan now, he just seemed like an excited little kid. He didn't seem threatening at all, but this did put Quinn in an awkward situation. Logan now knew he had some type of system and somehow, he confirmed it with his ability.
Was it better off telling him the truth, or coming up with some other type of lie?
Quinn thought hard, but he could come up with nothing that would explain why he could use certain abilities in the game without revealing everything.
He took a deep breath.
"I'm not a robot, but for some reason one day I woke up and had this system ability, maybe it was a gift from a god who knows, the skills you saw are some of the things I can do," Quinn replied.
"Is it an ability similar to mine then? I wonder who did this to you. Maybe they turned you into an Android. Android technology has come a long way, but the use of AI systems inserted into their brain was banned. They were afraid that an ability user may come along who could take control of them all and use it against the army. But this is the first time I have seen an android as powerful as yourself."
Quinn looked at Logan who now wouldn't stop staring at him. Then a thought came to his mind. He had been looking for someone who would be able to help him out with the watch. It was clear that Logan knew a lot about machinery and something like changing the number displayed on the watch would be easy for him.
"Can you keep this a secret?" Quinn replied. "Maybe the two of us can work together, perhaps find who did this to me. There are a few things I need help with."
Logan was genuinely fascinated by this ability. He had never seen anything like it before, and the curiosity was already driving him mad. Maybe it was even an original who was able to pass on his ability like a computer system rather than training the person.
But then why did the watch not display his level? This was why Logan could only assume Quinn was a type of android that didn't have MC points and didn't even realise it himself.
"Of course, it would also give me the chance to study with you." Logan then put out his hand. "The name Logan."
"Quinn." He replied as the two shook hands.
[Ability detected]
[Alterations to the system are trying to be made]
[Alterations have been blocked]
Logan then pulled his hand away again, almost immediately.
"That does not feel good, maybe we should avoid touching each other for now?"
"Agreed." Quinn laughed nervously.
Just what was the system, and who created it? Quinn thought. The only person he could think of was the man in the video. Quinn seemed to recall the blonde man stating that his experiment was a success. Which would suggest that other Vampires like himself didn't have a system?
So then, why did he? And why did his parents have the book in the first place?
*****

EP-109 Logan the Tinker
Just outside the school at the front gates, the unexpected had just occurred. Layla was struggling to stand as she had just heard certain words come out of Vorden's mouth.
"First, I'm going to have to ask you to step back a bit." Layla said, "And no touchy touchy from you."
'I keep telling you let's just kill this bitch right here right now' Raten said.
"Look, I'm trying to be reasonable here." Vorden said, "Come on, Quinn said that you could help me."
Every time she looked at Vorden, she remembered when she was being choked by him. It wasn't a good feeling, and her senses were still tingling all over the place every time he approached. If it wasn't for the fact that Erin was standing by her side, she would have run the second she saw him coming over.
But she had to admit one thing. Vorden, for whatever crazy reason he had, seemed to genuinely care for Quinn.
The two of them soon would also be going to the portal expedition together. It was important they tried their best to make up while they could.
She let out a big breath and gave in.
"Fine, what is it?"
"Actually, it's related to Peter. Quinn said that you two had spoken to him while we were away on the other planet, did you manage to get anything out of him?"
"No, I could tell that we wouldn't, it seemed like he was scared of something. Even with Erin there threatening him. Which meant whatever he was scared of was a bigger problem than Erin." Layla said.
"Well, I don't think we can get anything out of Peter right now, he's broken more than ever. Perhaps the only thing that's holding him on is this last bit of hope. I was hoping by outcasting him like this he would go back to the person who put him up to this."
"Wait, what!" Layla said, "You mean you're doing this whole thing on purpose. I understand he needs to be punished, but don't you think you're going a little too far."
"Too far?" Vorden replied. "You don't even know what really happened there. Were you nearly killed by a bloodsucking beast, abandoned in a world full of monsters everywhere?"
"Bloodsucking beasts? So did Quinn really..."Just then, Layla stopped herself as she turned to look at Erin by her side. She had gotten so heated in the conversation, she had forgotten all about her. But as the two looked at Erin, she was bent over looking at a trail of ants going across the floor.
It seemed like she was disinterested in the whole conversation the two were having.
"Anyway, If you can't get anything out of Peter, then try a first-year student named Earl. He was the one hanging around Peter before this whole thing started and it looked like the two were going to meet the day we met up with both of them."
"Earl, got it, thanks for the help," Vorden said. "Oh before I go, Erin, do you mind if I touch your hand?"
Erin stood up from the ground and looked at Vorden for a few seconds. When they had first met, she had refused. She simply believed he was someone weak and below her. But she quickly came to realise that Vorden was one of the strongest people in her class.
"I hope you use it well," Erin said as she held out her hand.
With her ability copied, Vorden then turned away and walked off.
"He's a tough one!" Erin shouted, "Even with my threats, he didn't reveal anything."
"Don't worry," Vorden said, smiling back. "I know someone who taught me a few things."
Vorden continued to walk off back into school.
"Hey Raten, looks like I might have a job for you soon."
As Layla saw Vorden walk off, she still had one thought.
"Crazy boy."
******
Quinn and Logan were in a different part of the school building then Quinn was usually in. They were in the dorm room area but were on the floor directly above where Quinn would usually stay and sleep.
The fact that they were in the same dorm room building meant that the two of them were in the same year, despite the fact that Logan looked like a middle school student.
"We're here," Logan said.
As Quinn looked around, he noticed they were fewer doors and were further spaced apart.
"What is this place?" Quinn asked.
"It's the VIP dorms. If your family makes a generous donation to the military before coming here, then you get access to one of these rooms."
As he opened the door, Quinn was amazed by the site in front of his eyes. The room was twice the size of the one he shared with three people, and there was only a single bed.
But that wasn't what amazed him. The whole room was filled with what Quinn could only call Junk. There were piles of scrap metal everywhere and lying across the entire place were gadgets, little spaceships, controllers and all sorts.
There were two things that stood out in the room. One of them was a large human-sized tube that seemed to be hooked up to a computer and had large tube-like wires hanging from the top and right next to that was a VR pod. One of the ones that cost 100,000 credits to buy.
Logan's family was a rare case. Usually, when getting rich, it was to do with power. Those with strong abilities earnt money by hunting, or from protecting others. However, Logan's family were one of the very few who managed to amass its wealth by making the VR game and selling the equipment.
There were a few other families that were able to do the same, such as companies that built the spaceships and certain beast weapons. But a lot of them still worked under the umbrella of an original family.
Logan then went to sit into his mechanical chair, that instantly sprouted a load of arms and started to give him a massage.
"So what did you want help with?" Logan asked.
Quinn was in a strange situation. Layla and Vorden knew he was a vampire but didn't know about the system. Logan knew about the system but didn't know he was a vampire. However, because of what Logan knew, it seemed more comfortable to explain the system side rather than the vampire side.
"I was wondering if you would be able to hack the watch for me, allow it to display a number of whatever I want?"
"I should be able to do that easily for you, but first you need to tell me why?"
Quinn hesitated for a little bit. He had only just met Logan. He seemed like a nice guy off initial impression, but every killer or crazy person out there showed a nice face to someone at some point.
"I think I know what you're thinking, you're worried that if the government finds out about your ability they're going to try to take you away and dissect you." Logan said, "Well, trust me, I won't be telling the government the military or anyone anything. I'll be honest with you Quinn, I don't care about you, I care about the person who was able to input a system into your mind. To find that person I need you to lead him to me, and before that happens, I'm not letting anyone take you away."
Logan's words sounded a little scary and harsh to Quinn, but at least they were honest. Unlike other people where he couldn't tell what they were thinking, Logan was being completely transparent.
"As you know, my system has a certain set of skills that are allowed to be used in the game. But the thing is I actually do have an ability." Quinn then lifted the shadow and started to move into a giant hand and used it to wave at Logan.
If it wasn't for the fact that Logan was sitting down, he would have fallen down from the shock.
"What is that, so you really are an original?"
"Not quite, it was an ability the system already had, but for some reason, as you can see," Quinn said, pointing at his watch. "It doesn't register on the watch."
A thousand thoughts started to race through Logan's mind of why it might be. He wasn't interested too much in the ability itself. That stuff didn't interest him, but he wanted to know the reason why.
"The watch is a simple fix, but if I do this for you, I was wondering if you could do me a favour," Logan said looking at the wired tube machine.
Quinn started to sweat, looking at the thing. If he wasn't going to be experimented on by the military, he felt like Logan would be doing it anyway.
"Don't look at me like that, the machine there is for the game. Will you let me put your shadow abilities in the game?" Logan asked.
*****

EP-110  Upgrading the shadow
Quinn decided to think long and hard about Logan's suggestion. For him to be able to use his ability. He needed to follow and use Vorden's plan. This way, others wouldn't go after him. But before even that he needed everyone to think his ability was just like everyone else.
But the problem was the shadow ability was linked to the vampires. Most likely, only vampires were able to learn this type of ability, and if that was to be added to the game, it would cause a big problem.
"I'm sorry." Quinn said, "This ability it's not mine, do you know what happened to me recently?"
"What happened to you?" Logan said, puzzled.
Quinn went on to explain how recently he had gone to a red portal planet along with his friend Vorden. And while there he had discovered the ability book and learnt the skill only to have the book disappear.
"I see." Logan said, "I guess I have been in my room too much. I didn't really focus on stuff going on outside. So because of your plan with your friend you need the ability on the watch."
Logan sat down, thinking for a while. The robotic hands had finished massaging him, and now behind him, coffee was being made from another machine.
"Well how about this, you still help me get the ability into the game but I won't make the ability public. If you want, you can come up here and play the game on a private server, and practice using your abilities in the game. You won't have anyone to fight against, but you can still use your abilities freely while no one is looking. I get to study you a bit more, and you get to practise, it's a win-win."
As soon as Logan finished talking, he turned around and started to take a sip of his coffee, letting out a sigh of relief.
"Ahh, the perfect temperature, so what do you think?"
There seemed to be no downside if Quinn was to agree. The only thing was he would feel a bit like a lab rat being looked at all the time, but this solved a few of his problems. Before going to the portal expedition, Quinn wanted to unlock the shadow void. That way if he was in a dangerous situation and in the sun, he would at least have a fighting chance to survive.
"I say go for it." The system said. "If you want to unlock the Shadow skill I told you about earlier, you will need to level up your current shadow abilities to gain skill points. Then you can unlock the Shadow void. This is perfect for you."
Although Quinn found the system annoying, it was clear that it was on his side trying its best to help out the user.
"Alright Logan, I'll do it."
Logan jumped out of his chair and had a smile on his face.
"Great, let's get to work."
Following Logan's instructions, Quinn did as asked and got into the strange large glass test tube. Once he was inside the glass lowered, and now he was trapped in a small space. At the same time, Logan rushed over to his computer and started typing away.
"Can you hear me all okay, Quinn?"
"Yeah, I'm a little nervous this is going to hurt."
"Relax you, big baby," Logan said. "Now, all I need you to do is slowly use your abilities while in the tube."
Quinn proceeded to use his abilities as instructed. He started off with the shadow control and started to move it around in the tube. Numbers on the computer screen were scrolling about like crazy, but as Quinn looked over, it seemed like Logan wasn't typing anything.
Right now, his eyes were closed and his hand was the only thing on the computer.
'Is it his ability?' Quinn thought.
There were some strange instances where Logan had mentioned a few things. He had touched the capsule Quinn was using and said it wasn't hacked, and then when the two of them touched hands, he also could see the system messages. And now there was this.
The tests continued with Quinn demonstrating his Shadow cloak skill, and also his Shadow equip skill. The only thing he didn't show while in the test tube was his dimensional space.
"And we're done," Logan said, rubbing his eyes. He then got out from his chair and started to walk over to his bed.
"All the data has been uploaded to that VR capsule by your side. If you want to practice, then go ahead, I'm going to take a nap. I'm beat."
After lying down on his bed, a few seconds later, he was fast asleep, smiling away.
"He's quite trusting to be able to sleep in a room while you're still here." The system said. "If only he knew what you really were, I wonder if he would feel so safe."
"Looks like you're starting to talk to me now, even when I don't ask you questions," Quinn replied.
After entering the VR capsule and entering the game, Quinn was transported to the white space. Just as Logan had said, there was no way for him to start a match as right now he was in some type of Beta version of the game.
When looking at the list of abilities, his shadow abilities had shown as one of the options. After selecting the shadow ability, Quinn immediately got to trying a few things.
He used his shadow skills as usual, and while in the game, his MC points didn't go down. What Quinn wanted to do was find out ways he could combine his blood skills along with his shadow control skill.
Over the next week, Quinn continued to come to Logan's room every day to practice using his shadow ability. Logan had long done as he promised and had hacked into the watch. Now all Quinn had to do was tap the watch fast three times to switch between Level one and Level 6.
This was all at Quinn's request because he planned to still keep it a secret just for a little while longer.
Then finally, after a week had passed, he had achieved what he had set out to do. His Shadow control skill was now level 2 and so was his Shadow equip skill. Now the Shadow Equip took only a second to fit his beast gear on.
As the system had said, every time he levelled up the shadow skill, Quinn had gained skill points. For each level up, he had obtained 10 skill points he could use on the shadow tab.
Right now, four of the shadow skills out of the ten had been unlocked.
[Shadow control Level 2]
[Shadow cloak Level 1]
[Dimensional void]
[Shadow equip Level 2]
Looking at the other skills, Quinn was tempted to unlock some of the others. Especially since one of the skills required 50 points to unlock called Shadow eater. But in the end, he decided to go with the system's suggestion and purchased the Shadow void skill for twenty points.
[Shadow void level 1 unlocked]
[Shadow void: The ability to create a space surrounded by shadows in a specific area. The space created will last a total of one hour. - 50MC points to cast the skill.]
"50 points, that's half of my MC." But there was no use complaining, in the end, it was a skill meant to help him use his Vampire abilities. While using his Vampire abilities, his MC points would slowly start to restore. Then he could switch back to Shadow abilities.
While in the VR game, Quinn tried to test out the new skill. However, when he tried using it, nothing happened.
"Oh, I guess Logan needs to program any new skills into the game as well."
As he exited the capsule, he released it as the last time he would see the thing in a while. Because tomorrow was finally the day. The day where the first years were to go out on their first portal outing.
****

EP-111 Off to a new Plane
Finally, the day for the portal outing had arrived. All the first-year students had been told to gather up in the training hall. Which was located on the east side of the building. Usually, the training hall was restricted to military personnel only, which didn't include students.
When Quinn entered the room, he noticed it straight away, because it was the same place he was in before he had been pushed by Peter.
Nearly all the portals in the room had been pushed to the side of the hall, and only a single green portal stood in the centre.
The entire of Del's class had arrived which numbered around 50 students altogether, and currently, they were in groups of five. They were required to stay in the same teams that they had registered for previously.
In the centre of each team was a large rucksack that had been handed to them.
These contained the necessary supplies and needs for every team. There were food pills that lasted up to a month. Water purifying pills and first aid supplies to go with it.
"Alright, boys and girls," Del said as he stood just Infront of the portal. "I have some important information for you before you head in the portal so listen up. When you enter the portal, the communication device on your wrist will no longer work. It is important when entering the portal you keep physical touch with the person next to you. Otherwise, you will be teleported to another location."
Quinn and Vorden both already knew this well.
"Also, you will randomly be teleported somewhere inside the Shelter. Do not be alarmed. The whole Shelter is safe and guarded by the military and other travellers. The expedition is to last a week, and the goal is to bring back as many beast crystals with you as possible. The team with the most beast crystals at the end of the week will get the highest score. The highest tier beast you will see in a green portal planet is an intermediate beast. But this is rare, if you come across one, please avoid confrontation and head to a different location." Del explained.
"Inside the Shelter, there is a military base with a storage room where they will keep track of the crystals you have obtained. I suggest you do this at a regular interval, so you do not lose all your crystals. Our class is the first to enter, and every hour another first-year class will be sent. I hope this class stays competitive as your teacher."
Del continued to explain about the portal outings. He went on to suggest to other students to not travel too far from the original Shelter they were based at. Although there were several shelters scattered around the planet. There was no one to guide them between each one.
And not every Shelter had a military base.
The test was also to begin as soon as the first team landed on the planet. It was up to them to decide how they should pace themselves while hunting. The whole aim was to allow the students to get to the point where they could be self-sufficient.
But the last bit of information that came from Del's mouth was the worst news for Quinn.
"Please keep track of time and be well rested. This planet's day cycle is 72 hours of sunlight before it gets dark for another 72 hours, so you will need to keep track of the time yourselves, and that is everything I need to say."
At that moment, Vorden and Layla turned to look at Quinn, who stood there with his mouth wide open.
"Don't worry Quinn." Layla said, "I packed the umbrella."
"Pft, Umbrella," Vorden said, "I got something even better." Vorden then reached into the bag to pull out some sun cream.
"I think this might do the trick," Vorden said.
Layla immediately started to laugh as she pointed at the bottle.
"You idiot, that's not going to work."
"How can you be so sure!" Vorden snapped back.
"Guys, can you please calm down? People are staring," Quinn said.
And sure enough, everyone around them was looking at the two in a heated argument.
While Layla and Vorden continued to quietly argue away, Quinn was making sure everything was in the bag and Erin was playing around with her beast sword. The only one who wasn't, and hadn't said a word this whole time was Peter.
He had made sure to stay quite a distance away from the others.
One by one groups would be called up to enter the portal, but before the Quinn group had been called, Quinn pulled Vorden to one side to ask him a few questions.
"Hey so, any news on who was behind the thing with Peter?" Quinn asked.
"Nothing," Vorden replied.
"What seriously?"
"Yup, And when I say I roughed up the kids pretty badly, I really mean it. The only thing I found out from them was you weren't the original target, it was me." Vorden explained. "Although I did manage to follow them, and it seemed like they were heading into the second year building an awful lot. I tried to get in to see where they were going but no luck there. Perhaps I ruffled a little too many second year feathers."
"I see, well I guess maybe we should keep an eye on Peter for now."
"Hey, Quinn," Vorden whispered. "Do you really not think this will work?" Vorden then pulled out the sun cream he had brought with him.
"We already tried it, but thanks for looking out for me."
Just then, the number of their group had been called, and they were ready to head into the portal. As Erin went to pick up the rucksack from the floor, another hand had reached for it. As she looked up, she noticed it was Peter.
"Please, let me help." Peter said, "I don't want to be useless and drag the team down."
"Just let him do what he wants!" Vorden shouted. "The least he can do is carry our things."
Standing in a row, the group stood behind each other, one in front of the other. Each was holding onto the shoulders of the person in front. At the back was Peter, and Vorden at the front.
"Now remember, don't let go," Del instructed. "In seven days, you are to head to the military base and return through the portal back here."
One by one, they walked through, and an odd feeling came over their body. Then finally, Peter was the last one to enter.
All their senses were heightened as they went through the portal. Their minds felt like it was slightly spinning. Then after a few seconds, it was over.
When the group opened their eyes, they were surrounded by townsfolk chatter and all sorts. Rows of buildings and shops, market stalls selling food and weapons. They had successfully made it to the Shelter.
But one person wasn't happy about it at all.
[You are in contact with direct sunlight]
[Your stats will now decrease by 70 percent]
***

EP-112 Planet Caladi
The shelter they had just arrived at was just as big as the military base they had come from. It was a similar size to the old towns that human civilization used to have. The only difference was there were no tall skyscraper-like buildings and the biggest building in this shelter was a military one which was only three stories high.
The ground they stood on top of was hard and solid, a dry orange colour, with no sign of green life. It was hard to imagine anything being able to grow on these lands. It was clear that the hot blistering sun had dried out the ground.
It was the first time most of the students had arrived at another planet, and even for Quinn, it was a significant difference compared to the shelter he was at before. The streets were full of people walking left and right, with the children by their side.
Stalls everywhere selling all kinds of things, hot smoky meat with fresh fruit and veg.
"This looks even better than some places on earth!" Quinn said. "I wonder why more people don't move to the shelters more?"
"Freedom," Layla said. "If you look around you, most of the people here aren't Travellers or work for the military. Most likely, all of them were low level people who could no longer afford to live on earth. They were forced to move here. But I bet not many have ever left this shelter and gone outside. It means their whole life is this shelter."
With power, it meant you had more choices.  A high level was able to choose which shelter they wanted to live at and even have a place back on earth. They could travel in between, and they weren't really restricted to anything. However, it wasn't the same for these people, they had to pick a place and never leave it.
The shelters themselves were created and funded by companies or the military. The shelter they were at right now was owned by the government. As such, everyone was required to pay a credit tax for protection and to live there.
Even travellers who would go out hunting, if they wanted to return back to earth would be required to pay a tax.
While other shelters were owned by companies and Factions. Most of them are owned by something known as the big four families. They were the strongest known originals and usually their shelters were a bit higher class and imitated more of a city back on earth.
With this was the tier system. Each shelter was given a specific tier. Tier 1 being the highest and tier 5 being the lowest. The higher tiers earnt more money and were more protected compared to the lower tiers.
The shelter they were in now was a tier 4 shelter.
The higher tiers had the power to protect it from higher level beasts, so the tax cost more to live on one.
When the group of five landed, they noticed that there was a circle drawn on the ground where they were and the people walking around were doing their best to avoid it.
"Come on, we better move," Vorden said.
"Just…give..me..a" Quin said slowly, as he was already starting to sweat buckets.
"Ahh, Quinn! I'm sorry." Layla said as she rushed over and handed him the umbrella.
"What's wrong with him?" Erin asked.
"Oh, he just really can't deal with heat and hates the sun. He came from really far up north, I mean like really far." Layla explained babbling.
Erin looked Quinn up and down, who now had the umbrella propped up over his head. "You might be even more useless then Peter on this trip. How are you meant to fight with an umbrella in your hand?"
This was a major problem, although Quinn now had an ability and he could use it to fight instead of his vampire powers, he still had the weakness of the Vampire. The sun.
If he was to fight during the day unless he used his Shadow Void the sun would still affect him. But Shadow Void took up half of his MC points not leaving him much to fight with.
The other option was to use Shadow cloak, which when he tested back at the military base also was able to block out the sun. The problem with this was he was unable to use his shadow abilities to attack while using a shadow cloak. It was just a stealth ability. He could use his Vampire powers, but that would defeat the whole point.
Because of these reasons, Quinn still had to hide the shadow ability for a little longer until he found a solution to the sun.
They did as Vorden said, and after a couple of minutes, another group of five students had landed in the same circle where they were.
"How did you know?" Quinn asked.
"Although the teleportation is random, it's not completely." Vorden said, "Think of it like a game with random respawn points. No one knows which point you will end up at, but they can tell where all the points are."
"Well, where should we go first?" Layla asked.
"Let's head to the Travellers hall. It's a place where they have information for travellers, you can also trade in your crystal cores for credits there or just trade in general."
They walked through the shelter and eventually reached a very large hangar- like building. It was an open space with no entrance, so people were free to enter and go as they pleased.
From side to side it was filled with counters that were stationed with workers. Just as Vorden had said. There were blacksmiths here who could forge equipment. Shops that sold little gadgets and things such as Beast bait. And even a quest is boring.
The quest board was mostly filled with other Travellers looking to group up and complete a task together. Sometimes civilians asking for protection were there as well, as they travelled from one shelter to another.
"Looks like we're not the only ones here," Erin said as she looked at the groups.
It was easy to spot the students as they were required to wear the military uniform. Although some of them had beast gear on, nearly no one had a full suit of beast gear with them since they were only first years.
"What are they doing?" Layla asked as she saw them go up to the quest board.
"It looks like they're asking for help," Vorden said. "Those from a rich family will just hire Travellers to do the hunting with them."
"But how is that fair?" Layla asked.
"Since when have they cared about fair?" Vorden replied. "You know those that have close ties with the military, or have already sold themselves will actually be helped by the military."
"Well, there's no point worrying about it." Quinn said, "All we can do is focus on ourselves and do the best we can."
"Says the useless one," Erin added.
The group walked up to one of the stalls that sold all sorts of items that would help with capturing beasts or even killing them. Behind the counter was an old man with a digital monocle over one eye.
"How can I help you, young soldiers? I guess it's that time again when they send you all out to do your first hunt."
"We were wondering if you could provide us with a map with all the hunting areas?" Vorden asked.
"Sure I can, that will be a total of 100 credits though."
"100?" Layla said. "Are you sure you're not trying to rip us off?"
The old man started laughing.
"Well, that will be 150 now because of the young lady's rudeness."
Vorden brought out a single card that was gold in colour. Since the watches didn't work on other planets, each student was to bring their own Money card to be used. However, the others noticed the colour of Vorden's money card for it was very different from the rest of them. The different colours indicated how much money could be stored on each card.
*Beep
"Thank you for your business, the old man said."
"Of course, you're a rich boy," Layla said, looking at the gold card.
"I don't want to hear another word from you, I may have a gold card, but I only get 200 credits a month. You just made me use up most of my allowance!"
"Guy's calm down, I can cover you for the map Vorden so don't worry," Quinn said.
As Vorden heard those words, he smiled back. He thought Quinn was just being nice. There was no way he would have that type of money, after all, he only received ten credits a day from the school.
The group opened up the map which was on some type of digital paper. On it, the map indicated where they were and different areas around them which were colour coded. It went from green, orange and red. The closer the colour was to red, the more populated the area was with beasts.
But then something caught Quinn's eye, on the top of the map it had the name of what planet they were on. Caladi. When he fought against Nate a while ago in the VR game, he had asked Nate where his friend had obtained the strong flexible cape.
And the name of the planet they said was Caladi. That they had forged it out of a winged creature out in the desert. If this was true, then he might have just found the solution to his sun problem.
***