"Is it possible for users to get a list of the beasts that are in that area?" Quinn asked.
"The man we met at the shop earlier might have one. You could probably go ask him. Let me know if you need any credits, I have a few left." Vorden replied.
While the group was discussing where they should go, Quinn went back to the shop. As they guessed, there was a bestiary. It contained information on all the beasts in the local area. Quinn looked behind him to see the shopkeeper talking to a group of other students. The group seemed to be doing what Quinn's group was doing earlier.
"Excuse me, how much will a map cost?" A student asked the shopkeeper.
"A map will cost you 100 credits."
"Does that include those that are registered with the base?"
"Oh, hahaha, no, of course not. That will cost you just fifty credits." The shopkeeper said with a slight laugh.
As Vorden told him before, certain students had already decided that once their two years of service finished, they would then join the military. For the students that choose that, they would get special privileges compared to other students while out on missions. And that was especially true when they were in a shelter belonging to them.
Annoyed by the fact their group was being mistreated. Quinn decided to pick up the book which was sealed by a lock so that others couldn't open it and read it unless they paid for it. Quinn, however, had a suspicion that the lock would become irrelevant.
[A book containing information on beasts belonging to the planet Caladi], read the cover
[Teethworm basic tier beast]
[Wingedlizard basic tier beast]
[Burningsnake intermediate tier beast]
[Please select one to find out more information]
It was a success.
'That's what you get for trying to cheat us.'
As he looked at the list of names, Quinn was deciding which one of the three was the beast that Nate had talked about. Out of the three of them, only one had matched the description. It was the winged lizard.
[Winged lizard: Although this beast contains wings, it cannot fly. The wings are often used to spread above its head to intimidate other beasts from attacking. They are also the hardest part of the beast's body. The weak point of the beast is its underbelly. It can be found in the deepest parts of the desert]
The description seemed to match the material of Sam's cape, but if Quinn wanted to make a full set of clothing from it, he would definitely need a large amount of beasts cores.
While he was there, he decided he might as well look at the other beasts. There was always the chance to encounter them, and if they did, it would be handy to know their strengths and weaknesses.
"Hey you, if you're not buying anything then get out of here."
"I was just looking," Quinn said.
The old man then walked over and snatched the book out of Quinn's hand.
"I said, get out now! Or else."
Quinn stared at the man dead in the eye.
"People like you deserve to be eaten," Quinn said out loud.
"What did you say!" The old man then lifted his hand. "I guess no one taught you to respect your elders." He swung his hand, aiming right towards Quinn's face to give him a big slap.
(SFX robotic voice
[Skill activated Daze]
[User has been stunned]
Suddenly as the old man's hand was in mid-motion, it was suddenly frozen in place. A second passed, and a shiver was sent down the man's spine.
"You're lucky that people are around," Quinn said as he walked away.
Quinn's blood was boiling, it was people like him that allowed this society to work in the first place. They just watched and let it happen and although the shopkeeper was weak himself. He still chose to treat the weak differently compared to the strong rather than help others like him.
'Quinn, you're starting to change.' The system thought.
When Quinn arrived back at the group, it looked like they had already decided where they would head off to.
"Did you get the book?" Vorden asked.
"No, it was too expensive," Quinn replied.
The group had decided that for the first day they would head to one of the green areas nearby. They were unsure of how powerful the beasts were or what they were like. After defeating a few basic tier beasts, they would make their way into the red zone.
Although Quinn was eager to go into the red zone to get his crystals, he was happy with the decision they had made. It was better to be cautious, they only had one life after all, and for the first two days, he would be at his weakest.
One day of sunlight had already passed before they had come here, so there were only two more to go.
As the group made their way towards their destination, Quinn and Vorden were in the lead and were talking about different things.
"You know, while you were in that shop, Peter kept saying some weird things," Vorden said.
"What do you mean?" Quinn responded, confused.
"Well, the truth is, Erin wanted to head straight to the red zone. She was confident that even if we came across an intermediate beast with the five of us, we should be able to take one down. But that's when Peter started to shiver. He was adamant about staying close to the shelter."
"Do you think they might plan to do something on this trip?" Quinn asked.
"I doubt it, unlike the red portal places, there are too many people here. Unless we went completely off the map, there would be no way they would dare to try anything. But the important thing is that Peter believes that they will."
The group had finally reached the exit where several guards stood just near the inside of the wall. The whole shelter was surrounded by Galthreium. So the place was impenetrable to the beasts on this planet's attack.
And even then stood up on the wall there were two mechs standing side by side. After declaring they wished to go outside the gates were opened and the group was free to travel.
The area they chose to go to on the map was a small little oasis. There was a hill of sand, and just over it was a pool of water and the first bit of greenery and plant life they had seen. Sure enough, though they weren't the only group that was here and it looked like the other groups were already engaged in combat.
The area was filled with beasts known as Teethworms. They would travel under sand but were easy to spot, as a big lump of moving sand was coming towards you. When they were close enough, they would pop out from the sand and open their circular mouth, displaying thousands of small razor-sharp teeth inside.
The worms were about the same size as an average dog but were tricky to deal with for some, as the only time they would emerge from the sand was when they would attack.
Peter and Quinn stayed in the middle while they allowed for the others to attack the worms. Vorden and Erin found it the easiest to deal with the worms. There was no need for her to even use her sword, as the worms jumped in the air, she would throw an ice spike through its mouth, and Vorden would do the same.
Layla, on the other hand, found it a little more difficult. When they jumped from the sand, the attack was fast, and they would soon be inside the sand again. Even when using her telekinesis ability, her arrow was too slow, the arrow would hit the sand before even hitting the beast.
The only way she could overcome this was to not use her ability at all, and just fire at the worms with no fear. Still, it would take a couple of arrow shots for her before the worms were dead.
As Quinn saw the group killing basic beasts left and right, he felt a little sad. Not because he couldn't join in. He was happy that others were fighting but the fact that all of these kills could have been precious experience for him.
As he had this thought, a familiar voice sounded in his head.
"You know, if you blooded one of them, you would be able to gain exp of all their kills." The system said.
"What seriously!"
"Yeah, as a vampire you are the one who blooded them, which means they would become a part of your family."
Quinn thought about it seriously for a while. Although Vorden had already declined, there was still Layla. She had already asked him to turn her into a vampire and know he really could. The only thing that was holding him back was that she was a kind of second blood bank to him.
But now Quinn could also rely on Vorden for that. Perhaps it was something he seriously needed to consider.

EP-114  Weakest link
While thinking about whether or not to Blood Layla, Quinn decided he would leave it to her and would ask her later. At a time when the sun wasn't out. If she became a vampire or something similar, she would have the same weakness as Quinn right now, and that wouldn't be good for the situation they were in.
Not all beasts were hostile, but the Teethworms were definitely that. The slightest vibrations would cause them to react, thinking food was nearby, springing upon its prey and attacking them. Although there were quite a few in number, they didn't have the hindsight to attack together.
Unlike the Rattaclaws which were more difficult to deal with. The level of the beast didn't generally mean how strong it was but how strong of a crystal was produced inside its body. There were some basic tiers stronger than others, and this was the same as you went up a tier.
Although it was unlikely a basic tier at any strength could match the weakest of an intermediate tier.
While the group was busy fighting away on the outside, one of the worms managed to wiggle past their formation and was heading straight for Quinn.
"Damn it! That one went right past me." Layla said as she turned around and saw who the worm's new target was.
"Quinn!" She shouted, but the worm was too fast.
It had already locked on and jumped from the sand with its teeth wide open.
"It's okay," Quinn replied. As soon as the worm had reached the shade of the umbrella, Quinn grabbed the worm mid-air by the end of its tail. It continued to wiggle around stretching its body trying to bite at whatever it was in front of it.
"So ugly," Quinn said as he squeezed it tightly with his bare hands. The centre of its body was strung like a towel as black blood fell to the floor.
[Basic beast killed]
As long as Quinn stayed underneath the shade of his umbrella, he was at full strength no matter what came after him. For something as simple as a weak basic tier beast like a Teethworm, he could deal with it just using one hand.
[10 exp earned]
[First Teeth worm killed 100 bonus exp gained]
[You are now level 11]
[70/200 exp]
[Strength 16]
[Stamina 15]
[Agility 16]
[Charm 5]
[You have received two stat points]
As expected, just like how the system no longer gave him experience points for fighting low levels in the game. It was now the same for basic tier beasts. Before Quinn would be awarded a 100 exp per kill now, it was only ten percent.
However, there was some good news. It was the first time he had levelled up since becoming a full vampire, and he was now receiving two stat points instead of one. He wasn't sure if this was the case if he levelled up again, but it wouldn't make sense if it wasn't.
[Stamina 16]
[Charm 6]
For now, Quinn decided to put one stat point into his stamina, as he did, he felt a little energised. Then for the next one, he put it into his charm stat.
Although half a second didn't sound like a long time. Quinn realised when using it in the game how useful it actually was in a fight.  The second reason was because he wasn't sure if there was any way he could increase his charm points other than through the free stats.
Drinking different blood types increased his strength, stamina and agility, but he was unsure if it would increase his Charm points. When asking the AI system about this, he said it had been a while and forgot.
The group had taken out a total of 9 Teethworms together, and slowly the number of Teethworms that were coming towards them started to lessen.
Allowing Erin and Vorden to relax a little. Nearby, a mound was seen right next to where Peter was standing.
"Was this here before?" Peter said, staring at the thing. The next thing he knew out from the mound of sand another Teethworm came jumping out. All panicked Peter fell to the floor, and completely forgot about the earth staff he held on his back.
But before the earthworm could reach him, a spear of ice came rushing from the side and killed it in one shot.
"I knew I would be carrying most of this team, but I didn't know I would be protecting it as well," Erin said. "You should at least be able to deal with this type of thing yourself."
"Thank you," Peter said. "And I'm sorry, I'm just a bit nervous about the whole thing."
Peter wasn't a horrible fighter. He had training from Vorden when the two of them were still friends and learnt all the basics. If it was a one on one fight with an easy basic tier beast like the worm, then he should have dealt with it fine.
But his mind was just far too preoccupied with other things. Even while the others were hunting, he would constantly look around them.
Right by the oasis another group had witnessed the whole thing and couldn't help but laugh at Peter's reaction. They were a group of five from a different class. The leader of the group was named Ben, and he wielded a large club on his back.
After having a good laugh at the weak Peter, they continued to watch the group and noticed how easily Vorden and Erin were dealing with the creatures.
"Look at that, they're killing so many of the things." One of them said,
"Yeah and there leaving none for us. If we had an ability as useful as that on the team, we could do the same as well." Ben said.
"Boss watch out!" one of them shouted as a Teethworm jumped from the side.
He reached out for the club on his back and was ready to slam the thing to pieces. Instead, an ice spear came out from the side and accurately stabbed it through its body and into the sand. It wriggled about for a few moments before stopping completely.
"You don't mind if I take that one's beast crystal, do you?" Erin said, walking over.
"Sure go ahead," Ben replied with a fake smile.
While students were busy fighting multiple beasts, it was nearly impossible to obtain the crystals while fighting. It was best for them to fight first until the beasts stopped attacking. Only then would they receive the crystals.
This caused an unwritten rule to be made. If you killed the beast, then the beast crystal was rightfully yours.
The Teethworms were no longer jumping out and attacking, and now they had time to collect the beast crystals.
"How much did we get?" Ben asked.
"A total of four bosses."
"Seriously?" As Ben looked over, he noticed that the other group must have obtained over ten, more than double their hall. Then he noticed something else as well.
The boy at the back of the Group, Peter didn't seem to gel as well with the others. In fact, it was almost as if they were treating him as an outcast. They weren't talking to him and would hand him crystals to put in the bag every now and again.
"You're only as strong as your weakest link," Ben said with a smile.
****

EP-115 Red zone
After a successful haul of 15 crystals plus the one that Quinn had obtained. They decided to head back to the Shelter. But instead of telling others of the beast, he had killed. Quinn decided to keep the crystal for himself in the system.
All crystals that were handed into the military base would be counted toward their points. However, the military would keep ten percent of whatever they gave in to be counted. So instead Quinn decided to keep the crystal inside his system, where it couldn't be found and sold later.
Just as Del had said to them. The sun was still burning brightly, and it didn't look like it would set any time soon, but they knew they had been out for at least 6 hours. Travelling to the location and getting ready beforehand, it all took a long time and was quite draining.
They then headed straight for the military base, which was located at the centre of the Shelter. This was a square-like building that had several different departments, but for the next week, just in front of the building was a small stand for students.
At the stand was a single adult soldier and behind him a large digital screen. They handed the man the crystals they had collected, and after counting them, he took two of the crystals and returned the rest back.
The digital screen behind him was suddenly updated. The name Layla could be seen, and the number 15 was displayed next to it. Out of all the numbers on the screen, Layla's name was placed in the middle.
Towards the top of the screen where higher numbers and towards the bottom were lower. Some groups hadn't handed in any crystals yet and had a score of 0.
"Hey, do you see that?  Layla said, pointing at the screen. Towards the top, a single group had managed to obtain 30 crystals. Almost double the number of crystals their group had.
Although Erin and Vorden were considered strong, that was only true for their class. This didn't mean they were the strongest out of the first years, there were still several other first-year classes.
While looking at the board, Quinn also spotted Logan's name who was second on the leaderboard with 24 points. He hadn't spotted him since this expedition but knew he would be here since he was a first-year student.
"I guess that's what a power level 8 can do, he must have some pretty strong teammates with him as well." Quinn thought.
After finishing up, it was time for them to rest and sleep for the night. The soldier behind the counter instructed the group where to go next. They did as he ordered and were led to a building near the edge of the Shelter.
It was a two-story accommodation block that was used just for students during their outing missions. A room had been given to each team.
There were also several blocks nearby for other students, and it didn't seem like there were any residents nearby.
When they entered, they were surprised to see how large the space was inside. It was a lot nicer compared to their rooms at the military school. They each had their own individual rooms, there was also a cooking area and a living room.
The cost of living was cheap on shelters, so they were able to provide bigger spaces for the students. Before they were to head off to sleep for the night or day, they decided that they should have a group meeting on the kitchen table.
The five of them sat down, and Erin was the first to speak.
"I would like to make a suggestion." She said, "As you all know, my goal is to come out as one of the top teams during this assessment. Right now, we're just above average, and I can't accept that. That's why I think tomorrow we should head into the red zone."
Peter looked like he was about to say something. Contest against the group, but using her eyes alone, she had shut down Peter, not allowing him to say a word.
"I think we're strong enough," Vorden added. "But the problem is these two."
The two people Vorden was talking about were, of course, Peter and Quinn. To be honest, Quinn wanted to go to the red zone too. Most likely the Wingedlizard lived there, but he had planned to go there when the day cycle had changed to night.
He could use his shadow abilities but would prefer to use it when nobody was around for now. There was still no way that Quinn could trust Peter to keep a secret if he knew and then there was Erin, who he didn't really know much about in the first place.
There was also the fact that he didn't know how many beast crystals he needed. If he had obtained them as a group, he would have to equally share them with the group as well.
"I thought of that too." Erin said." As you can see on the map, there is a safe zone just outside of the red area. Most likely it's a territory where two different beasts clash, so they don't cross each other's path. The two can wait there while we go inside and attack."
After hearing Erin's suggestion, Quinn didn't think it was too bad. If they were to leave him and Peter alone then perhaps Quinn could sneak off at some point to hunt the Wingedlizards on his own.
"Well, since the two of them haven't rejected the idea, it looks like we have a plan," Erin said.
The group then went to rest for the night. They slept well as it was a tough night for them all, and for the first time, they didn't feel cramped and had space all to themselves.
When they woke up, it was time for the group to head off once again. They exited the Shelter, and their destination was the RedZone.
What the group didn't know was another group was following them closely behind.
"We just need to wait for the right moment." Said Ben.
*****

EP-116  From the big four
The travel to the red zone took longer than to the green zone on their map. It was located quite a while away from the Shelter, but the area it covered itself was fairly large as well. It would take 2 hours to travel and 2 hours to go back.
With breaks, it meant they roughly had around 6 hours of time to gain crystals. After all, their abilities weren't unlimited. Eventually, the body would use up the MC cells they had, and they needed a period for them to recover back.
When leaving in the morning, it looked like their group wasn't the only one heading for the Red zone. There were a total of four other groups altogether.
"That's our competition," Erin said, looking towards one of the groups who walked in front.
"Which one?" Layla asked.
"You see the boy at the front with the Red hair, it's the trait of the Redshield family. All Originals who learn their magic acquire the ability of fire."
"You mean he's from one of the big four. I didn't realise there was someone in our school like that." Layla replied.
"Although he isn't anyone special from the family, he is still from one of the big four and the numbers on yesterday's scoreboard proved it."
"The ability of fire, huh?" Vorden looked at the red-haired student for some time trying to think up an idea.
But the one that interested Quinn wasn't the fire user. Instead, it was Logan who was also a part of one of the groups heading to the red zone.
While the rest of Logan's teammates were walking through the sand. Logan was sitting on top of a strange contraption.
It seemed like a moving chair. A personal device that he had built for himself. The legs moved like that off a Dog, while the top half was just a normal chair. Inside the chair, he was sitting with his eyes closed, sleeping peacefully.
'I wonder what his ability really is?' Quinn thought. It had to be impressive to be able to get the second-highest score. Throughout the whole time the two of them were together, Quinn still hadn't figured it out.
And for some reason, Quinn felt like it was Rude to ask. Most high levels would keep their abilities secret. If two people were to get in a fight knowing their ability beforehand was a huge advantage.
While the rest of the groups continued to move forward though, Erin's group had decided to change direction slightly heading off to the left.
"I can't believe we're wasting time, dropping these two off here!" Erin shouted.
"You don't need to babysit us," Quinn replied. "If you care that much about getting ahead of the others rather than protecting our weak asses, then go ahead and leave."
After Quinn's words, Erin did just that and decided to head off back to where the Red zone was located.
"Are you sure you're going to be okay?" Vorden asked.
"Don't worry about it, if trouble comes our way, I have a trick up my sleeve to fight them off," Quinn replied. "You see that building up ahead, it looks like an abandoned well of some sought. We will wait for you there, and come get us on the way back."
Before leaving, out of Peter's large rucksack, they handed Layla a few food pills and bottles of water that were placed in Layla's small bag. It would be just enough for them while they were away out hunting and if they needed some more, one of them could always come back and get some from Peter.
"Boss, it looks like the group has split into two, maybe the strong ones are heading to the Red zone. Who should we follow?" One of the men said to Ben.
"We stick to the plan." Ben said, "Our group won't be able to compete with all those bigshots at the Red zone. It was never our intention anyway. I managed to do some research on their group yesterday. It turns out that their group had two Level 5 power users and waited for it… Two-level ones if you can believe it."
"Seriously? They must be like the only Level ones in their whole class.
"Well, now it makes sense why they have split off from the group. They would probably get in the way if they were to fight. If we take their crystals they got yesterday, then we will climb up from the bottom of the leader board. We should be able to finish off at a decent position for the test."
****
Back at the red zone, Vorden and the others had finally arrived. Most of the groups had spread out from each other, making sure that they didn't get in the way of each other's hunting process.
The red zone was filled with Wingedlizards. But the area was also slightly different compared to the rest of the sandy desert they had encountered so far. The area was filled with several large rocks that contained large holes on the inside.
The holes were where most of the lizards would stay. But there were a few resting on top of the rocks as well. They were quite large in size and were about double the size of the Teetheworms from earlier.
Before hunting one of the beasts the group stayed and watched patiently for one of the other groups to attack first. A single person would walk up to the group of lizards and send out an attack catching the attention of a single beast.
Then the person would lead the lizard to the group, and they would all attack it at once. They were being cautious not to attract the attention of all the lizards after all. While attacking the lizard, it seemed to be a much more difficult for compared to the Teethworm.
The lizard would constantly block attacks from the beast weapons and certain abilities using the wings attached to its arms. Eventually, they would manage to defeat it.
But while the other groups struggled, one was finding it easy. And that was the one with the flame user named Berg.
Berg's flames were stronger than the beast wings, and it didn't matter what it did, it would be set aflame, and sooner or later the beast would die.
Watching this Vorden had an even bigger smile on his face. "Now only if there was some other flame user in our group."
***

EP-117 A New Fire user
After watching the other groups deal with the Winged Lizards. Vorden and his group decided to implement a similar strategy. Layla would be the first to approach one of the rocks and then fire out an arrow hitting the foot of one of the lizards.
After using her ability, she was able to take the arrow back out and swirl it around the beast's head like an annoying fly. The lizard followed the arrow easily, and now it was Vorden and Erin's turn to deal with the beast.
A trail of ice started to form across the floor, eventually trapping the lizard's four legs. Now that its movements were restricted it was Vorden's turn. He created ice spikes in his hand and continued to throw them at the lizard. But even with its feet tied, its arms were still free to move.
It blocked each one of its attacks, lifting its wings and shelling up like a turtle.
'You idiot!' Raten said. 'You know from watching the others that it won't work.'
"Either shut up or help!" Vorden shouted as he continued to throw the Ice spikes. Eventually, Vorden knew the beast would get tired, and it wasn't as if his attacks were doing no damage at all.
But proceeding this way would take far too long. Before he knew it, he could see Erin up in the air with her long sword held in her hand. As she fell to the ground, she sliced downward at the beast's wing.
A large gash was made, and black blood started to pour out. A few seconds later though the wound that was created started to freeze. Slowly the ice began to grow until it completely froze the beast's left wing.
Now with one wing frozen in place, Vorden was finally able to throw an ice spear directly into its body killing it.
"Did we finally do it!" Layla said, looking at the thing.
She quickly extracted the crystal and placed it inside her small bag for now.
"This is a problem," Erin said. "It is taking us far too long to kill a single one of them. Even if there are many, it takes three of us just to kill one. We would be better of searching for another group of Teethworms at this point."
Then they heard cheering coming from their left side. The group with Berg in charge had just finished burning five of them to a crisp at once.
The look on Erin's face was currently one with disgust.
"Come on, let's just go into one of the other areas and find a bunch of Teethworms to deal with."
"Hold on!" Vorden shouted, "I have a plan."
Berg and his group had just finished killed there eighth lizards and were currently resting for a bit. He needed some time to recover his MC points before he could use his abilities again.
"I still have a long way to go," Berg said, looking at his hand. Although his flame powers were strong and he was considered one of the strongest in school. He couldn't say the same about his family. They would have been able to go on for a lot longer and create more powerful flames.
Every original family was different when it came to teaching their members about their powers. They had their own methods, and for the Redsheilds, it was all about discovery. After teaching them the basics, they had to learn about the ability themselves and get stronger.
"Hey, Berg watch out!" A voice from the side said. As he looked up, he noticed a human body was flying his way, and before he knew it, they had crashed into him.
The two of them tumbled into the sand, and eventually stopped.
"That bitch, how could she do that to her own teammate," Vorden said as he lifted himself off the ground. "I'm sorry about that, do you need a hand." Just then Vorden reached out his hand and lifted Berg.
"Hey what do you guys think you're doing!" Another person said as he came running over. "You just barged into our leader."
"Enough Lippy," said Berg. "I'm sure it was an accident."
Lippy, who was also a part of Berg's team, was surprised by his actions. If a person usually did something like this, he would have burnt them by now. But the reason was simple. When Berg looked at Vorden watch, it currently displayed the power Level of 8 on it.
Not knowing what Vorden's powers were, and the possibility there was someone of equal strength to himself, he didn't want to get into a fight.
"We're sorry!" Layla said as she came running over with Erin behind. "Our idiot teammate was being annoying, and I just needed to throw him somewhere."
"Don't worry about it," Berg said. "Accidents happen."
After apologising, the three of them decided to leave the group be and go hunting once again. Vorden now having the flame abilities was ready to burn some lizards
"Why did you let them go off like that?" Lippy asked.
"That person, he was a level eight user, let's keep an eye on them for a little bit," Berg said.
Nearly everyone already knew of Berg's abilities due to him coming from one of the big four families. However, the same couldn't be said for the other high-level users or Originals. Keeping an eye on Vorden was Keeping an eye on the competition.
Berg had seen the group just go behind one of the stones, although he wasn't paying much attention to them before, he was sure that their group was hunting on the same side of the rock like them.
'Why did they choose to move?' He thought.
The curiosity got the better of him, and he decided to go scout out and hunt a bit closer to where Vorrden had gone.
After walking around one of the large rock's in the centre, he could see Vorden and his team. Just as Berg saw them, he could see Vorden burning one of the Wingedlizard using his fire powers.
"What, but how?" Lippy said, "Is he part of the Redshileds?"
"No, I've never seen him in my life, it looks like we've got some questions to ask."
****
Mass release 4 chapters will be released for the next 2 days to make the 6 extra chapters.
Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote.
Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release
Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release
Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release
And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis.

EP-118 Fire Vs Fire
Before doing anything drastic, the group wanted to test out Vorden's new fire abilities. They did the same as before with Layla drawing out one of the lizards and then Erin freezing the lizard's movements.
When they were ready, Vorden shot out a stream of fire from the palm of his hands. The beast screamed and howled in pain. After a few seconds the beast caught on fire and Vorden no longer had to supply it with energy.
At this moment, Berg had just turned the corner and witnessed the whole thing. His mind was going crazy with thoughts. Did someone outside of the family know how to use the fire abilities? If that was the case, they needed to get rid of him, before anyone else knew or found out.
While Erin was busy carving out the beast to find its crystal, a fireball was spotted coming towards them.
"Look out!" Layla shouted.
At the last second, Vorden turned his head and fired a fireball of his own equal in size. As the two fireballs clashed a small explosion was created, and sparks of flame flew out onto the sound.
"You must be dealt with, no one is allowed to learn the secrets of the flame!" Berg shouted.  Shooting out fire from the palm of his hands, he was able to propel himself forward while running, making him move at an incredible speed.
Vorden readied his self planning to fight back with anything Berg would use. If Berg shot out a fire ball, Vorden would retaliate with the same. If Berg shot out a stream of fire or made a pillar of fire, then Vorden would do the same only better.
This was how Vorden had won all his fights before. His experience when it came to fighting, was able to outmatch those that knew their own abilities inside and out.
But then at the last second, Berg propelled himself into the air. Stream of fire was seen coming from the bottom of his hands and feet. It looked almost like he was flying in the air.
'Spinning flame kick.' Using one of his legs, the fire would shoot out from the back of his heel, causing him to spin. Then with the other leg would let out multiple blades of fire.
"Damn it, I can't do that!" Vorden shouted. As the blades of fire were coming towards them, Vorden lifted both hands, creating a small wall of fire.
If Vorden thought he was safe, though, he was wrong. As the blades of fire touched the wall, it ripped right through and continued to go past.
By now, Layla and Erin had long moved to the side and become spectators of the whole thing, and the same could be said for Berg's teammates as well. It was clear that all of is attacks were aimed at a single person, and he didn't care for the rest of the team.
"What is going on?" Erin asked.
"I don't know, but I do know Vorden knows how to annoy a load of people, perhaps this is just one of them," Layla said.
All though Vorden's flame wall was useless, he was able to see the point of when the flames would touch the wall. For they would slightly part away apiece of his wall just before the blades of fire touched. This gave him enough time to dodge every single one of the blades coming at him.
"This guy is pretty good," Lippy said watching the whole thing from the side.
The second Berg landed on the ground he dashed forward using the flames once again to propel him. Vorden fired fire ball after fire ball, but then Berg just covered his hands in flames and would knock them away.
"Looks like your fire is no stronger than mine you thief." He shouted.
Then with his hands covered in flames, he went for a punch towards Vorden's face. Vorden could see the punch coming towards him. When it came to hand to hand combat, he was skilled and had years of experience as well.
He could see it coming and was planning to duck, but suddenly, the fist sped up in an instant and knocked Vorden into the ground with his head bouncing off the sand.
Vorden laid on the ground, unmoving with his eyes closed.
Although Vorden was unable to see what had just happened, the rest did. When Berg threw the punch, he had done nothing special, but it was what had happened at the last moment.
Berg had the ability to produce fire from any part of his body. The clothes he was wearing were specially designed by his family so they wouldn't burn away. As the last second, before the fist was to hit Vorden, he had produced a strong flame from his elbow pushing his fist forward and giving it an extra boost.
Vorden was used to elemental abilities but had never come across the fire one before. It was an original ability, unlike Ice, wind, earth and water. However, none of these acted like the flames which came from the body itself.
With the destructive nature of fire as well, it was why it was considered one of the strongest elements.
"What should we do?" Layla asked, "Should we go over and help him?"
"I don't think they'll kill him," Erin replied. "There, too many people here he would have to silence."
"Well, he is from the big four, right? Would the school really do anything?"
The two of them at that moment looked at each other.
To be honest, Erin hated this feeling, but she knew when someone was stronger than her. Berg hadn't even taken a single hit from Vorden, and she feared if it was her, it would have been the same result.
Standing right over Vorden's was Berg. He continually looked at Vorden's still body.
"Why isn't boss doing anything?" Lippy said as he watched.
He couldn't explain it himself, but for some reason, he felt like if he touched Vorden at this moment, he would be the one lying on the ground.
Then a few seconds later. Vordens eyes opened.
Inside the dark black room, Vorden had finally woken up.
"Whoa man, you sucked!" Raten said. "That guy really showed you."
"Wait a second," Vorden replied. "If you're here, then who's in the chair?"
****
Mass release 4 chapters will be released for the next 2 days to make the 6 extra chapters.
Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote.
Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release
Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release
Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release
And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis.

EP-119  No Chance
Quinn and Peter had been walking for a good fifteen minutes as they headed to what looked like a little abandoned well. Something that was once used to draw water out. It was used at a time when the shelter was first being built by the workers.
Although building works and such didn't take as long as they used to, especially since the introduction of earth ability users. Some powerful users would charge quite a bit for there service as they were able to construct building after building.
While the two of them were walking, not one of them had said a word to each other, and Quinn was the type that hated an awkward silence between two people.
In the end, he gave in and just had to say something.
"Why did you do it?" Quinn said.
Peter didn't have to ask what he was talking about. It was as clear as day. They continued walking for a while longer until eventually, Peter replied.
"I don't want to make any excuses, I know what I did was terrible. Everything, I don't even deserve to speak to you, but you don't understand Quinn, I was scared. They had already gone for Vorden and managed to catch him…Then they went after me and….
"Enough!" Quinn snapped back. "I don't want to hear anymore, you were right the first time when you said you weren't going to make any excuses. But then you went on to list a bunch of excuses. I'm not saying you didn't have a reason for why you did it. When someone does something wrong everyone has a reason, be it good or bad but after everything, we had done for you, why didn't you come to us?"
"Could you really help me, Quinn, would you be saying the same thing if you knew who was behind everything?" Peter asked.
"Did you give us a chance?" Quinn replied. "Do you know the saying you miss all the shots you don't take? We were right there next to you the whole time and it wasn't like stuff like this didn't happen before. You saw what happened to Vorden did he change? And you should know more then anyone that I got the same treatment as you from my old school."
The two of them had finally arrived at the village and Quinn turned around to look at Peter. He could see his teary face, tears on top of tears running down and he was using his sleeves to wipe everything away.
"When you chose to go against us that day Peter, you where the one who had given up. You didn't try taking a shot and made your chances go down to zero."
The two of them looked around the abandoned well. In the centre was a giant machine used to draw water. It had rusted, and just from looking at it you could tell it hadn't been used in a while.
The only other thing in the place were two abandoned buildings. One room was completely bare apart from a single window. While the other building had a couple of broken wooden bed frames.
After taking off the rucksack and putting it on the old bed, Peter finally laid down and was getting some rest. He had managed to carry the large backpack all the way through the desert. And unlike Quinn, he didn't have supernatural strength to help him.
The heat didn't actually affect Quinn much, no more than it did when he was a human. It seemed like the sun must have contained some other unique property that affected vampires. As long as he stood under his umbrella, he felt absolutely fine.
But thinking about this, it reminded him he desperately needed those beasts' cores. If he wanted to craft a special material, he couldn't rely on Vorden and Layla to gather enough. Then finally, he would be free from the restraints of the sun.
"I���m going to go exploring around for a little bit, are you alright to stay here. Don't worry, I won't be going too far."
"Are you sure you're going to be safe?" Peter said.
"Yeah, as long as you aren't behind my back I'll have nothing to worry about," Quinn said jokingly. "Sorry, that was a low blow."
Quinn pictured the map in his head. He remembered the red zone was quite a large circular area. They had just come from the left direction, which was where Vorden and the others went. So as long as Quinn went right and forward, he should be in a different area of the red zone.
"With that, he decided to head off into the desert with his umbrella in his hand.
Watching all of this happen was Ben and his group.
"It looks like the two of them have split up."
"You three go for the kid with the umbrella. Take off everything, even his money card and get him to transfer everything over. Me and Hugo will go get rid off the other one."
They did as told, and three of their men went off to follow Quinn into the desert. While Ben and his friend Hugo had decided to enter the same building that Peter was in.
Just as Peter was about to shut his eyes, he heard footsteps enter the room.
"Oh, what a surprise we have here," Ben said. "I didn't expect anyone to be so far out here in the middle of nowhere. And when I looked earlier, it seemed like not a single person was around."
In the desert, before Quinn had even reached the Red zone, he could hear the sounds of people getting closer to him. His vision wasn't as great in the sunlight, it was about the only thing that was still affected while in the sun. But his hearing was always top-notch.
"Who sent you?" Quinn said without turning around.
"That's none of your business now is it?" One of the students said. "Now you better listen to what we say or else."
"Or else what?" Quinn said as he turned.  "I'm sorry some people think I'm a bit slow."
The students then lifted up there watches to each reveal their levels. One was a level 4 student, and the other two level 3s.
"I hope you understand?" the level four user said.
"Oh I see, because you're a higher level than me I should be scared now, right? I should obey everything you do because I don't want to be hurt."
[Skill active Shadow Void]
Suddenly, from underneath Quinn's feet, his shadow started to spread. It grew and grew until it encompassed a large area in complete darkness. The shadows that formed the walls were continually moving. From the outside, it looked like a giant cloud storm.
Quinn then tapped his watch three times and lifted it up for them to see, the number had changed. He was now a level 6.

EP-120 The little one's name
Vorden stood there, standing in the sand. He hadn't moved for a few seconds now, and his head was facing the floor. From the top of his head, a trickle of blood was dripping down onto his forehead, and little by little droplets would fall to the ground.
"Why is the boss just standing there?" Lippy asked.
The truth was Berg couldn't explain it himself. Something about the person he was facing a few seconds ago had suddenly changed. He felt the same presence as when he was just about to face one of the elders in his own family.
Then for the first time since being beaten to the floor, Vorden had moved. He lifted his hand and wiped the blood away before staring at it on his sleeve.
"You guys said you would protect me."
"Hey, don't look at me Sil," Raten said, "Vorden was the one who got knocked out before I could even do anything."
"Maybe it's time for a change?" Sil said.
"What, and leave this person in charge!" Vorden argued. "If you do this, you will be lonelier than before, even Quinn won't stay by your side!"
"Quinn. Ah yes, Quinn." Sil said as he looked around at where he was. "I don't see any Quinn?"
"This will be good." Raten said, "Hey Sil, that man in front of you is hiding Quinn from us."
Sil then looked at Berg up and down and started to walk towards him, but his face wasn't peaceful or anything. It was like that of a demon. The anger could be felt, the emotion, everything. Berg could feel it just coming from his face.
"Stay back!" Berg shouted as he covered his forearms and fist in flames once again.
As Sil took another step forward, Berg was at his limit and knew, he needed to attack now. Placing both hands together, he started to fire a pillar of flames from his hand like a flamethrower.
As the fire came towards him, Sil swung his hands, lifting a pile of sand with it and dropping it straight on the flames causing it to extinguish.
"When did he get my ability?" Layla said, watching the fight. "And why is it stronger than mine? I could never lift that amount of sand."
"Vorden's ability is strange," Erin said. "But if I remember correctly, he could control two abilities. Perhaps it has something to do with that?"
Seeing this, Berg too was shocked. He had thought Vorden was just someone who had learnt the family secret. Maybe tortured one of their members into teaching it to them. But now suddenly, he was using another ability. How was this possible?
While Berg was shocked by the whole thing, he started to feel an icy presence climb up from his feat.
"What is this?" He said as he saw his two legs freezing.
In an instant, he activated the fire to cover his legs causing it to melt the ice, but all Sil wanted to do was stall him for a second or so, as he formed an ice spear and threw it directly at his shoulder.
It landed and pierced Berg, but he couldn't complain long as pillars of fire were already rising from the ground.
"He has your ice abilities as well!" Layla said, "That's three abilities, just how strong is Vorden really!?"
While using one hand to cast pillars of fire the other hand would continue to throw ice spears. Berg could only dodge these two attacks for so long.
"Come on, he has to be running out of MC soon!" Berg said.
Inside the black room, Raten was busy laughing.
"I bet you this guy thinks he can win the match as long as he waits for Sil to tire out. Well, that's not happening."
Right now, Vorden contained three abilities. Whenever he copied a person's ability, he also copied the amount of MC points in their body. This was also the same for all the other abilities he stored inside his body. But Vorden's ability and cells were unique.
As long as he had copied an ability, he would be able to change any of the MC cells into whatever type he wanted. Using the fire ability was a level 8 ability, Erin's ability was a level 5, and Layal's ability was a level 2. This meant he had a huge amount of MC points to use, and if he wanted to like earlier, he would be able to change all his cells into one type of MC. Which was why Sil was able to lift the sand to take out the fire. While Layla would have never been able to achieve something like that with her ability.
As the fight continued, Berg could tell that Vorden wasn't tiring out. He needed to act fast. As fire came from his right and Ice came from his left. Berg crouched into a fetal position and started to let the fire build up inside him.
Then when the attacks were right by his side, he expanded his limbs and out came a sphere of fire, getting rid of all the attacks.
But now Berg was panting and sweating hard. It was a last-ditch effort to protect himself, but he really didn't know what to do after this.
"Where.. is... Quinn?" Sil asked as he walked over.
Layla and Erin were too far to hear any of the words Vorden had spoken. But were worried that he might do something drastic.
"Crazy boy, I beg you don't do something crazy!" Layla said.
"Wait!" Vorden shouted. "Raten was lying, Quinn is safe he's somewhere else, let me take over, and I can show you."
"You damn Rat Vorden!" Raten shouted back. "Now I'm going to get my assed handed to me."
"I'm tired," Sil said.
Now Vorden had finally reached where Berg was standing.
"I don't want to make an enemy of you, but you attacked us first," Vorden said.
Suddenly the feeling Berg once had, now was gone. When he looked at Vorden, it was the same as before.
"I'm from the Blade family, it's probably best if our two families don't get into a confrontation with each other."
As soon as Berg had heard Vorden's second name, he finally understood. The Blade family weren't as big as the big four, but that was because they chose not to be. They were a secretive family that didn't choose to have much influence in the world. Because of this, not many knew about them.
Berg didn't really understand why but his father had always said if he was to meet someone from the Blade's, to show absolute respect.
Berg placed his head in the ground and started to apologise.
"I'm sorry, it's my fault that this all has happened. Is there anything I can do for you?��
Vorden thought about it for a while. He hated to use his family name like this, but he was sure at least the big four would know of it, but while he was using it, he might as well take advantage.
"It's okay, but I'm going to have to have you hand over your crystals you got today and yesterday over to us," Vorden said, smiling.
"Of course."
While Erin, Layla and the others watched this scene, they couldn't believe what was happening. They knew Vorden was an original, they even knew of his family name, but they had never heard of the Blade family before.
But for some reason, someone from the big four was bowing down to him. Apologizing and even handing over their crystals.
"Just who are you, Vorden." Layla thought.

EP- 121 Naive
And right now, in the bag, there were 39 winged lizard crystals in total. After talking it over with Berg, Vorden eventually decided to head back to Erin and Layla.
"Hey, boss, are you going to let him go just like that?" Lippy said as he saw Vorden walk away.
"It's okay." Berg said, "We can always get more crystals, we will soon get our number one spot back. But it's important to keep the relationship and our lives intact. That's the most important thing."
Walking over with a skip in his step, Vorden was over the moon about his haul.
As Layla peeked inside the bag, she couldn't believe her eyes.
"What, just, I don't understand." Layla said, "How?"
"Don't worry about that, I think it's best if we head back and hand these crystals in to be counted towards our score and I'm a little worried about Peter."
"But aren't those crystals useless?" Layla asked. "Most of them have already been counted."
Each crystal inside had a unique pattern to it. Every single crystal was unique, similar to a human fingerprint. When the crystals are counted, they are placed into a machine that assigns a certain code to each crystal. These unique codes are then added to the team's scoreboard.
Once crystals were counted, students were able to do what they wanted with the crystals. Sell them for credits, turn them into beast gear or even trade with them. But what they weren't allowed to do during this assessment, was to buy Beast crystals.
The whole shelter was under strict instructions to not sell any beast crystals to any students. This was to avoid a group from buying crystals and registering them under their points.
But there was a reason why these unique codes were assigned to each team's codes.
"Oh, I guess you guys don't know." Vorden said, "My brother did the same thing 2 years ago, so I have a little bit of insider information, I guess. Although the same crystals can no longer be registered for points. If the crystals belong to another team. The unique codes from their score will go onto ours. So while their score would drop, ours would rise."
This information was purposely kept from the students but was told to a select few. Either originals like Vorden knew of it, or those who had already registered with the military.
"Well I hate to say it, but you did a really good job this time," Layla said while pouting. She knew when compliments were to be given, and this was one of them.
"Well, while we are ahead, why don't we keep on hunting?" Erin asked.
"The truth is I'm worried about Peter. Because of this, he might be targeted." Vorden said.
"If you knew about this, then why didn't we leave him at the shelter?" Erin asked.
"If we did, it would just be the same result. Perhaps even more so, people would attack him as soon as they saw him on the street."
There was a second reason why Vorden and Quinn wanted to bring Peter along. They were hoping to draw out whoever Peter was afraid of. Peter seemed pretty sure that someone was going to attack them on this expedition and if so, Vorden and Quinn thought they could find some answers.
"No one would attack a fellow student like that, are you crazy? I understand when the second years attacked you." Erin said. "You were the one who attacked them, but why would they just randomly attack another student inside the shelter? Even if it meant getting their crystals, no human being would just attack another because of the test. and even so, people would rush over to help him."
At that point, Vorden and Layla looked at each other, and both of them had the same thought.
"Erin, you do know that Peter is a level 1, right?" Vorden asked.
"What does that have to do with anything?" She replied.
It was as the two had thought. Erin was unaware of the treatment that lower Levels received compared to everyone else. The truth was, Vorden and Layla already knew this to some degree.
Most of the students at the school who were midrange levels didn't experience much of the bad side, and this was true for Erin as well. The two knew this was the case, many of the students were just unaware of what happened. But they just didn't realize that Erin was one of them.
Erin herself never mistreated low levels, but just never paid them any attention either. She had one goal, and getting to know them wouldn't allow her to achieve anything.
As the three of them started to head back to where the well was. The two of them began to explain to Erin just what happened at the school. But not only at the school but what happened in the outside world as well.
"But the strong would never steal from the weak," Erin said. "Just what does that prove? We already know we are stronger than them. Wouldn't it make more sense to fight against those that are stronger than yourselves and try to improve as a person? Just what is there to gain from all of this?"
Erin just couldn't comprehend why certain people would choose to do such things. In the situation with Vorden and Berg, she could understand. The two of them had battled it out and had a grand duel. The loser, Berg, had gifted Vorden with the crystals as a prize.
But neither group had aimed or started a fight with the sole purpose of stealing the crystals.
"Every person is different," Vorden replied. "Honestly if we knew all the answers to why people acted a certain way, then perhaps we wouldn't be in the situation we are in right now."
At that very moment, Vorden's fear was becoming a reality, as Ben and his group had just spotted Peter inside one of the buildings.
*****

EP-122 Crash Landing
"Now this can be nice and easy for you," Ben said. "All we want are those crystals in your bag."
Peter then reached out for the earth staff that was placed on his back and pulled out in front of him.
"Really." Ben said, looking at the thing." Look, we can either do this the easy way or the hard way. I'm not into hurting others like some of those sick psychopaths, all I want is a good score on the test."
As soon as Ben stepped forward, Peter lifted the Earth pole towards Ben's face and then using his ability transformed the end of it into a sharp tip.
"Please…" Peter said. "Let's not do this, I can't, if you take the crystals away. They'll hate me even more." Tears were now visibly running down his face and falling to the ground.
"They already hate me too much, I just can't have them hate me more." Peter cried.
Peter stood firmly, not allowing the spear to move. It was pointed at Ben, who was standing in front of the other person just below his chin.
"Look, it's Peter, right?" Ben said.
Suddenly, Peter's face changed a little when he heard his name.
"Do you know why I know your name? We're part of the military too, in fact, Duke was the one who gave us all the information. I promise you that Duke will reward you if you hand those crystals over to us."
Although Ben and his group did belong to the military and helped Duke out from time to time. Duke had requested no such thing. Ben knew using his name would cause a reaction in Peter. The low levels always ended up in Duke's hands one way or another, and it was the same for him.
But by the time Peter knew Ben was lying, he knew Peter wouldn't say anything. He could complain to Duke, but what would he do, what would he care for a level one ability user while Ben was a level four.
Seeing the change in Peter's eyes, Ben thought his words were a success, but when he stepped forward again, Peter decided to go in for a stab.
"I said I'm not letting anyone take them!" He shouted.
As the spear was thrust forward, one of Ben's friends from the side lifted his hand, and with it, an earth wall was placed between the two of them. The wall managed to catch the spear in the centre and snap it in half.
Unlike higher-level Earth users, Peter could only control the earth when he was touching it. As he saw the wall being placed in front of him, he immediately dashed forward and touched the wall. Using his ability, he created multiple spikes sticking out from the other end.
While doing so, Peter closed his eyes, waiting to hear the screams from the other end, but they never came.
Instead, a few seconds later, a huge club had been swung and smashed the wall into pieces, also hitting Peter and sending him flying back. The blow was so powerful that Peter didn't just crash into the wall, but caused it to collapse and was now outside covered in rubble.
The wall wasn't very strong and stable from years of decay, and it wasn't very well built either. But still to be able to knock a human through such a thing an immense amount of power was needed.
"What a useless struggle, I would have thought someone like you would have been broken in by now," Ben said as he walked through the hole in the wall and stared at Peter on the ground.
Peter was barely conscious, a small trail of blood was appearing from his mouth, and his whole face and hair were covered in debris from the wall.
"Please…Don't… hate me..." Peter said.
Peter's mind was a mess, he didn't even know where he currently was or even who was in front of him.
"I'm sorry, Peter, this is just how the world is." At that moment, Peter passed out.
Ben went through Peter's bag and took the 15 crystals that were obtained in yesterday's expedition. They then also took Peter's money card, which was white, the lowest possible card you could get.
They decided to leave everything else intact, the food pills, the water purifiers and the first aid supplies. Although they were thieves, they were just doing as the system suggested, they weren't cold-hearted murders.
Ben and his friend had decided they would head to the shelter together, but before heading back, they would make a stop at the oasis to hunt some more Teethworms. That was the meeting point to meet the other three who had gone after Quinn.
As they were walking, one of them spotted something large and black in the sky coming toward them in their direction. It was flying in the air, and it seemed like black smoke was coming from the back.
"What is that?" One of them asked.
"I don't know, I think it's a spaceship, but I've never seen one designed like that before?" Ben replied.
The black object drew closer, and it was roughly the same size as a large car. Then finally just in front of them in the sandy desert, the ship had crashed. It continued to skirt across the sand and was heading straight for them.
"Get out of the way!" Ben shouted.
The large black ship continued to bump and skirt across the sand until eventually, it had come to a stop, around fifty meters from their direction.
The spaceship was black, but it didn't look like it was made of a type of metal material like earth's ships. Instead, the outside was bumpy and looked scale-like. As if it was carved using the outside of beasts. Then in the centre was an oval-shaped sphere.
But the glass was too thick to see through.
"Do you think they're okay? They're lucky the ship didn't blow up." he said, "I wonder what happened?"
But while Ben's friend had no clue what it was, Ben was visibly shaking with fear. He had seen images of one of these before.
"Run, run now!" Ben shouted.
The Sphere-like shape opened up and out stepped what was known as a Dalki.

EP-123 Shadow void
"What is this?" One of the men said.
The three from Ben's group were now surrounded by moving shadows. Although the inside of the Shadow Void wasn't pitch black as one would think. The shadows seemed to give off a slight purple light that allowed the interior to be seen.
"Did you see his watch?" Another one said. "He was actually level six. We need to get out of here!"
It was the first time Quinn had cast the shadow void skill. He was unsure of how big the area of effect would be, and whether or not, he could deactivate it once the skill was used. If something like that was seen at the school, it would have caused alarm bells to ring.
Inside the shadow void, Quinn could feel a connection with the shadows, it was hard to explain, but it was as if it was created using a part of his own body.
Quinn looked at his stats, and as the system had told him, everything was normal. There was no weakness in the sun. While Quinn was busy checking his stats, one of the men tried to make a break for it.
He ran to the edge of the shadow void walls. This was bad, if the three were to escape from the shadow void, then Quinn would lose his advantage.
Out of instinct as Quinn saw this, he lifted his arm and started to shift the wall of the shadow into some type of arm. When the man was close enough, he tried swinging his dagger at the arm, but when it made contact, his arm started to slow down. And he immediately pulled it back, afraid of what was happening.
[MC points 48/100]
Fifty points of MC had already been cast to activate the shadow void, and it looked like if he used shadow control on the outside walls, it would use up his MC points. However, the others didn't know this.
They felt like they were trapped, and if they were to go close to the wall, the arms would once again appear.
One of the students, the level four user, had a Mohawk. The situation around him was starting to frustrate him as he felt more and more trapped.
"Screw this guy!" Mohawk said. "You saw the number on his watch change, right? He's probably a fake and besides, being a level six doesn't mean he has strong abilities."
The other two hearing Mohawk's words gave them a bit of confidence.
"Yeah, you're right, and he doesn't even have any beast gear!" One of them said,
Out of the three of them, one of them held a crossbow on his back, while the other had a set of daggers around his waist. Mohawk, who was in the middle, had a chest piece that gave him extra strength.
"Get him!" Mohawk shouted.
The crossbow user pulled out his bow and started to firebolt after bolting toward Quinn.
[Shadow equip]
Shadows started to form around Quinn's arms and legs, and suddenly they were covered in beast gear. As the first bolt came towards him, he lifted his hand, deflecting the bolt onto the ground.
If Quinn wanted to, he could have used his shadow ability to block the bolt, but right now he had to use his vampire abilities because he would soon be able to replenish whatever blood he was about to use anyway.
"What, but that was a beast arrow. It wasn't just made out of metal!" The crossbow user said.
"Just keep firing the thing!" Mohawk shouted.
He did as ordered, and arrow bolts started to fire one after another. This time as they came forward, the other user who had remained still had gathered what looked like a small hurricane in his hands, and then at the right moment, he brought his hands forward, and a gust of wind came out with it.
The wind seemed weak, but it wasn't his aim to do any harm, it was to support the bolts making them faster and more powerful.
"Let's see you deal with this."
Opening his palm facing forward, Quinn waited until the right time before using his skill.
[Blood spray]
[55/60 HP]
A spray of Blood left the palm of his hands and knocked each of the arrows out of the air, causing them to break and fall to the ground.
"Now it's my turn!" Quinn activated his wind walk on his boots to further increase his speed. While doing so, he used the inspect skill on each one of them.
The crossbow user could duplicate items. Although each item that was duplicated would only be half the strength of the original. This was how the crossbow user was able to continually fire out the arrows.
The other student was a wind ability user and lastly, Mohawk was a level four earth user. Just like the one he had faced in the game once, only this one didn't have a full set of beast gear equipment on.
"First, the annoying one." With Quinn's added speed with the boots and his reflexes, it was nearly impossible for the crossbow user to hit him and then when Quinn was close enough, he cast out four blood swipes swinging out his arms.
With no defence, the four attacks each hit him dead in the chest causing large cut wounds across his chest and to be thrown onto the floor.
[51/60 HP]
Next was the earth user who was by his side, and this time, Quinn wasn't giving him any chances. One second Quinn was in his view, the next moment Quinn had performed the Flash step, and at the same time, Hammer struck dealing a blow right on the chest.
His chest piece started to crack until it eventually broke away, then Blood spewed from his mouth as his insides were ruptured and he too fell to the ground.
[46/60 HP]
Suddenly, a sharp pain was felt inside Quinn's back. As he turned around, he could see the wind user holding the small little daggers in between his fingers.
"I got you!" He said.
He threw another dagger, and it came out too fast for him to react, hitting Quinn's stomach.
[42/60 HP]
Quinn then looked at the dagger and pulled it out of his body. As he did, the wound slowly started healing as the skin could be seen coming back together, until finally, there was nothing left apart from a hole in his military uniform.
"You monster!" The student shouted.
Continuously throwing blades he managed to hit Quinn repeatedly. Making sure to cover his face with his hands, Quinn rushed forward not caring for the small blades hitting his body.
[38/60 HP]
[34/60 HP]
His Hp continued to go down, but Quinn didn't care. Without realising it, the student was moving backwards out of fear. He continued to move backwards until he finally felt something grab onto him from behind.
As he looked down around his waist, he could see the shadow wrapped around his body. He tried to fight against it, and it was working, but he was only moving ever so slowly from the shadow. It was as if time itself had slowed down for his body while touching the strange substance.
"Now tell me? Who sent you, and why did you attack me?" Quinn asked.

EP-124 Increasing the Charm
In his state of panic, he had completely forgotten about his ability. With his mind now thinking straight, he used his hand to cast a wind blade cutting a piece of the shadow. It quickly separated and then started to reform again in almost an instant.
The moment the student had cut the shadow with his wind ability, Quinn's MC had decreased.
[44/100 MC]
It also seemed that while Shadow Void was active, he would be unable to gain back his MC points as he initially thought, which meant he had to be even more conservative if he was planning to use his shadow abilities along with the shadow Void.
But just like when he used shadow control on his own shadow, whenever the shadow was attacked, his MC points would lower slightly.
The student cast wind slashes after wind slash and was slowly able to move more. Then finally, he was free.
"I did it!" he shouted, but when he looked up, Quinn was there right in front of him. He grabbed both arms of the wind user and twisted them inward, so his palms were facing his face.
Then Quinn kicked both feet of the user, causing him to fall to his knees and once again the shadow had grabbed onto his legs.
With the elemental user, the ability to control the elements came from their hands and feet. This was different for fire and some other elements. But this fact was true for the basic ones.
"Now I want you to answer my question from earlier, why did you follow me!"
"I'm s... so... sorry!" The wind user said with a stutter. "It was all Ben's idea, he said that we would be able to take care of your level ones and take your crystals, add it to our team's points."
The wind user was deadly frightened; not only had he never seen such a strange ability before, but he was also still trying to decide if the person in front of him was human. It seemed like he was a person with multiple abilities. He could control the shadow, shoot out a red aura from his hands and on top of that, he had supernatural healing, and now with the wind users' arms twisted, he felt like he had superhuman strength as well.
"This Ben, does he work for anyone?" Quinn asked.
"I mean, we all work for the military, but no one told us to do anything if that's what you're asking."
Quinn couldn't be a hundred per cent sure if he were telling the truth or not. But judging by his reaction and how frightened he was, Quinn felt like his words were true.
"You know if you increase your charm stat a bit more, you would be able to get these weak-minded people to tell you anything." The system said.
"Are you kidding me?" Quinn asked.
"No, there are certain skills in your system that will only unlock once you get enough stat points. One of them is a type of mind control for the Charm stat. It's quite handy, if their mind is weak, you can replace their memories, get them to spill the beans or even if it was high, you could even get the person to kill themselves. Of course, that would only be for the very top of Vampire classes."
It seemed like the charm stat was becoming more and more dependable. At first, Quinn thought it was just an annoyance that only allowed him to get girls, but that didn't seem to be the case anymore.
"Do you know how many points in charm I need to unlock this skill?" Quinn asked.
"Ten points are needed for the influence skill."
[140/200 exp]
Right now, Quinn has gained 20 exp, for defeating the level three student and 40 exp points for defeating the level four student. Then there were also the two daily missions he completed bringing him up to 140 exp. Even if he did defeat the wind user in front of him, that would only bring his experience points up to 160.
It wouldn't be enough to level up. When using his inspection skill at the two around him, one was blood A type while the other two were blood O. The blood O stat allowed him to put a point into anything he wished. Still, he was unsure whether that included the charm stat or not, but it was likely.
But even then, he would only have 8 points in his Charm stat. He needed 10.
The reason why Quinn was so adamant about unlocking this skill after hearing about it from the system, was because he didn't know what to do. The three users here were from the same school as him, and they had seen his ability, it would have been fine if it was just the shadow ability, but they had also seen his blood abilities as well and his incredible healing.
If he could, he wanted to avoid killing his fellow students, but it was something that would have had to be done. In the end, they were the ones who attacked him, and it was a secret he couldn't afford to be let out.
But could he do it, technically he had killed already but back then he wasn't sane of mind? Quinn would even argue that it wasn't him but something else controlling him. But killing someone while he was fully sane was another thing altogether.
Just then, from the corner of his eye. Quinn saw something forming from the ground. The sharp object shot out like a bullet and Quinn managed to move his head and doge at the last second.
Suddenly, heavy breathing sounds could be heard. When Quinn looked at the wind user in the shadow wall, he could see that an earth spike had impaled right through the wind user's neck. Blood was flowing down the spike as the student struggled to breathe.
More spikes started to appear from the floor, and when Quinn looked ahead, he could see that the earth user had regained consciousness and was barely standing on his feet with his hand held out.
"Die you Bast*rd!" He shouted.
Thinking about the spike, Quinn felt like he had just avoided death. Sure he had plenty of health points remaining, but if the spike had impaled him through the head, he was pretty sure he wouldn't have been able to recover from something like that.
"You just tried to kill me!" Quinn shouted. "When I was just thinking about sparing your lives."
'Humans are truly disgusting!' Quinn thought. For some reason, he thought if he could change maybe, they could too. They were still young, and only students had time to change their ways.
In a fit of anger, Quinn sent out blood swipe after blood swipe. The earth user tried to raise a wall between them, but the wall was far too weak. The second the blood swipes made an impact, the wall was smashed, and the blood strikes continued to hit the user.
Quinn continued to fire out blood swipes until a message had appeared.
[A level 4 human has been killed, 80 exp gained]
At that moment Quinn stopped.

EP-125 Influence
[Congratulations you are now level 12]
[28/65 HP]
[2 free stat points have been added]
[10/400 Exp]
Quinn wasn't thinking correctly and purely attacked out of anger. The fact that someone had almost killed him, he just reacted and what happened was not part of his plan. But just like when he looked at Ian's dead body, Quinn felt nothing looking at the earth user's body lying there lifeless in the corner.
Then from the back of the shadow void, he could hear a groan.
"PLEASE…. SAVE ME!" It was coming from the wind user who still had the earth spike lodged in his throat. The colour on his face was now turning pale. If Quinn were a healer then perhaps, he would have been able to have done something, but he had no such abilities. At least not something that could heal at this level.
After biting his victims and noticing the marking on their necks healing quicker, Quinn decided to do a few tests with Layla before coming to the Planet. What he had found was that his salvia seemed to have some type of healing ability.
If he was to cause a cut mark on Layla to draw blood, then rubbed his spit on her, the mark would heal quickly, but it was clear his spit wouldn't be able to save someone from something like this.
Walking over to the wind user Quinn looked at him.
"Your friend did this to you. No, you did this to yourself when you tried attacking me. I will put you out of your pain."
Casting his blood swipe from above and at a close range he managed to cleanly cut off the wind user's head and now he was no longer in pain.
[Level 3 user killed 60 exp gained]
[70/400 exp]
"So, I do get more exp for killing them."
Just like with the earth user, Quinn had obtained double the number of points after killing the victim. The reason why he received more for level three was most likely because he hadn't knocked out his opponent yet, but straight out killed them. Allowing him to earn 60 exp points instead of 40.
Looking at the bloody mess instead of feeling sick like a regular person, his stomach started to growl.
[Your hunger grows]
During the fight, he had used up a lot of blood and had been stabbed several times and right now the sweat smell coming off his body was only getting stronger.
But his mind felt conflicted. He felt no emotion when seeing the dead, and the mangled bodies didn't affect him. Even before when he was a halfling, he still had a little sympathy, but now he hardly felt any.
"I guess I am no longer human."
Walking over to the body, Quinn lifted the dead wind user's arm and using the tip of his clawed gauntlets, he cut across the wrist. At that moment, the sweetest taste had entered his mouth, and his body started to feel re-energized.
[65/65 HP]
[Blood type O has been consumed]
[1 free stat point has been added]
Before doing anything else, Quinn checked if the free stat point could be put into his charm skill and just like he thought, it could. He then went on to the next body, the earth user and had done the same.
This time there was no need to consume a large amount of blood since Quinn's health was full, and he had already eaten his fill. Putting his equipment back in his dimensional space, he dipped his finger into the blood and gave it a little lick.
[A blood type has been consumed]
[+1 strength stat]
The last person was the crossbow user who also had the O blood type. He was already bleeding across his chest. The wounds weren't too deep. It seemed he had passed out more from the impact rather than the wounds themselves.
[Blood type O has been consumed]
[1 free stat point has been added]
After getting everything he needed, he could finally increase his charm points to 10.
[Charm points: 10]
[New Skill: Influence has been unlocked]
[ Depending on the user's charm points and the mental strength of the opponent. The user can influence the person or creature to do their bidding. This includes things such as memory loss, information extraction and so on. Must make direct eye contact with the target]
Looking at the bow user on the ground, Quinn was tempted to just end his life there and get the experience points. However, he felt like he really would have lost a grip on himself if he did. In the end, he decided to try out his new powers, and if it didn't work, he would have to go through with it anyway.
Lifting the user off the ground, Quinn slapped him across the face a few times until the man eventually woke up. As soon as his eyes opened, Quinn activated his new Skill.
[Skill influence activated]
[Skill successful]
Around the user's eyes, a small red circle could now be seen, and his body went slightly stiff.
"What do I do now?" Quinn asked.
"Just say whatever you want, and it will happen. If you ask him a question, his brain will process the information and answer. If you tell him to forget something, he'll forget it. You can even replace the memory, but that's a little risky, to be honest, and doesn't work well if he gets pulled in for questioning."
Quinn did as the system said and gave out his instructions.
"I want you to forget everything that happened today. You never saw me, and you never met me. You just came out to hunt some beasts, and I want you to go back to sleep."
"Do you think that's enough?" Quinn said.
"Yes, if you can, I would bury the bodies under the sand. Eventually, they will be eaten by the beasts in this area, but when he wakes up, he will have no clue what happened and can only assume it must have been a beast."
The colour around the man's eyes returned to normal, and he quickly went back to sleep as Quinn had ordered.
After burying the bodies in the sand, he started to look around the place for his umbrella, eventually, he had found it, but it wasn't good news. Sometime during the fight, the umbrella must have been destroyed.
With his MC points only half full, he would just have to bear the sluggish movements in the sun for now while he recovered.
Quinn then tried to cancel the shadow ability and slowly from above the shadows started to shrink and disappear. The fight had lasted about half an hour, so he still had another thirty minutes of the shadow void left if he wished. But if he left the shadow void up, his MC points would not return.
The shadow started to slowly clear and shrink back until it all went right underneath Quinn's feet.
[You are being hit by direct sunlight]
[Your stats have been reduced by 70 Percent]
Immediately, he felt sluggish, and his head started to hurt. Once his MC points had returned, he was sure to use Shadow cloak to cover himself and get out of the sun. Then just as Quinn was getting ready to set off, he spotted Black smoke off in the distance.
"Isn't that next to where Peter was? "

EP-126 Follow the smoke
The map was quite accurate in indicating where the beasts were located and where they were not, and as long as they were outside any of the coloured zones, it seemed like they wouldn't run into any more beasts.
Eventually, after walking through the desert, they could finally see the small Well area insight.
"That's where Quin said to meet them, right?" Layla asked.
"Yeah, they said they would be here." But just then Vorden stopped and looked down at the ground.
Rubble from one of the buildings could be seen everywhere but what shocked him the most was Peter. He was crawling across the ground towards them. His legs had been hurt and possibly a few of his ribs broken. The only thing he was using was his forearms to crawl along the floor towards them.
"Peter, what happened?" Layla asked as she came rushing over and knelt by his side. But Peter continued to move forward using his forearms, completely ignoring her.
"I have…. to" Peter mumbled. "I have to get back those crystals. Otherwise, those guys will hate me. I can't live anymore." Peter said.
Then suddenly, Peter had come to a halt as his hands seemed to hit something.
"Peter, you've done enough," Vorden said, as he knelt and placed his hands on his shoulders.
Peter was half-conscious the whole time, yet there was one thing in his mind keeping him going forward. He had dealt with the gruesome pain of being tortured, but he couldn't deal with everyone hating him. He realised now that back then, he had chosen the wrong decision, and he wanted to change that. He wanted to change himself.
The others hated him, so what, because he hated himself even more. But when he had heard Vorden's words, something in his mind had clicked and he had snapped out of his half-dazed state. He looked up and could see Vorden bent over in front of him.
Immediately tears started to run down his face.
"I'm sorry, Vorden." Peter cried. "They took the crystals, I tried, I tried to stop them. I promise."
"I know you did," Vorden replied.
At that moment, all the energy had left Peter's body, and he had completely collapsed and passed out on the floor.
"What do you think happened to him?" Layla asked.
Erin had ignored Peter for the most part and went straight for the bag past him, it was laid on top of the rubble.
"It's gone." Erin said, "They took our crystals."
"Well, I guess it was pretty clear what happened then," Vorden said.
"Wait a minute, what about Quinn, I don't see him anywhere?" Layla said.
"Well, it's not like we can ask Peter what happened," Erin replied. "They probably took him away too."
Although it was possible, the other two doubted it. Both of them knew before heading out to this expedition that Quinn had the shadow ability as well as his blood abilities. It sounded like if there was ever an emergency in the sun, he was pretty confident about fighting.
Unless the group that attacked them were high level, they just couldn't see Quinn losing in a fight. Vorden also believed that it was unlikely to be a group of high levels. Otherwise, they would have confronted them without waiting for Peter to separate from them.
'Was it perhaps one of the groups of people working for the second year? No, they wouldn't hurt Peter like this! Even if he refused to work for them, they would probably kill him in case he told anyone, but instead, they left him alive.' Vorden thought.
Out of the bag, Erin had pulled out a little first aid box. It looked to be made of metal like a small briefcase and had a small standard red cross on it. Then she placed it on the ground and pressed the red cross.
The little suitcase started to transform into what looked like a little droid.
"How can I be of assistance?" the droid asked.
"Student Peter chuck over there, administer whatever you can to make him feel better."
The little Robot then scouted off and started to scan the area until it had eventually found Peter injured on the ground. It started a scan and brought out small tools patching up Peter wherever it could.
"Will he be okay after this?" Layla asked.
"He should be, that Robot can deal with some pretty serious injuries. It's like having a personal doctor with you." Erin replied. ". As long as he isn't near death, he should be fine. But I do have to warn you guys, we only have one of those things. Once the medicine has been used to treat any infections and such, it doesn't have the supplies to treat us again."
"I'm surprised you let Peter use it then." Said Layla.
Erin didn't want to use such a precious item on Peter. She felt like it was useless. Peter would eventually heal on his own anyway, this would just speed up the process. But after hearing the words of the others and seeing Peter in pain like that. It made her realise that perhaps the others weren't exaggerating about the mistreatments of others.
Just then, Vorden spotted the sign of black smoke off in the distance.
"Do you think that's them, probably one of them using their abilities," said Vorden. "It doesn't look too far away, and we can get our crystals back?"
"But what about Quinn?" Layla replied.
"Why don't we split up?" Vorden suggested. "We can't just leave Peter out here, I'll stay with him in case anything happens. When he's all healed up, we'll go looking for Quinn. You two can go get our crystals back, but if it looks too tough, then fall back and come to the Well."
Layla didn't like the sound of Vorden being the one to rescue Quinn, but it seemed like the only thing they could do. If Layla was to go out on her own and a powerful beast appeared, she could get seriously hurt.
They could send Erin to look for Quinn, but she didn't know his secret, and that would mean she would be stuck with Vorden.
With them agreeing, it was the only thing they could do. Vorden stayed with Peter while the two girls headed off to the area of black smoke.

EP-127 The Dalki
But its purpose wasn't for anything grand like tourism. Such a piece of equipment as grand as this could never have been able to be built before. But thanks to Richard Eno and his team, they managed to finally finish it after the war.
This sole tower's purpose was to monitor the activity of each of the planets on the other side of the portals. It needed a strange source to power it that only Eno knew off. It was the same source of power used to power the portals.
With this, they were able to get a clear view of what the area looked like. They had mapped out each planet the portals led them to in that solar system. There were still many planets left unexplored, but they kept good track of those with shelters on.
But today, unlike any other day, red alarm bells were ringing inside. The people were rushing all over the place. In a single room, they had about 200 employees all looking at a computer screen of their own. Then there was also the main monitor that resembled a cinema screen.
"Sir! It looks like there's been a breach on one of the green portal planets!"  one of the men at the computer said.
Standing at the back of the room was a man who looked to be in his fifties, he was mostly bald with hair just sticking out of his sides, and he had small round glasses on his face. Although he was not one to seem intimidating just from looking at him. When he spoke, his words gave a certain feeling of trust.
Inside the monitoring room, he was the only one wearing a lab uniform rather than a military one.
"Bring up the information on the big screen in front of you." He ordered.
They did as asked and managed to pull up a small video. It was of a black flying object that had entered the planet's atmosphere. It looked to be slightly injured even before arriving on the planet.
"There are meant to be no Dalki in this area, this is near the start of the Solar, the Dalki's planets were mostly at the back."
The Dalki and Humans shared the planets in this specific solar system. When they had entered half of the planets had already been conquered by them, while the other half remained empty. Although not at war with each other currently, the two were in a race with each other to see who could conquer more planets.
Each planet had several different resources, and that included the different beasts that lived there.
From time to time, this would still cause friction between the two, and a fight would break out. That was why the large observation tower was built in the first place. In case any of the Daliki ignored their upper command and decided to attack.
"Send a message out to Daliki station, ask them if it's from any of their known battalions and tell them we'll get rid of it at all costs."
"Yes, sir!"
"Also, inform the military base, which is in charge of the planet, to send someone to deal with this immediately."
"Will do, sir."
****
Out in the desert, the black smoke was now rising into the air more ferocious than ever. It looked like a signal was being cast and could probably now be seen for miles out in all directions.
Although Ben had told his friend to go ahead and run away, they both stood there. As the Dalki got out of the ship, they felt like their eyes couldn't leave such a powerful being for even a second.
The Dalkis were a lot taller than an average human but not too big to look like giants. This one, in particular, stood around 7 feet tall. However, their body frames were different. Just like humans, they walked on two feet and had two arms, but their muscle structure was magnificent.
Nearly every muscle fibre on their body could be seen.
Just like the humans as well, they wore beast gear to increase their power and right now this one had only a set of bottoms and boots on. While his top part was open and free.
The Dalki were a race that looked similar to dragons in human myths, only more human. They had scale-like features running from the side of their body running up to the top of their neck. Their eyes were slightly pointed and more oval-shaped, and their hands were shaped like claws with a tail sticking from its behind.
As Ben looked at the Dalki, he noticed that it had a single spike coming from the back of its spine. This was good news as they had learnt the fewer Spikes they had meant, the weaker they were. Every time a Dalki went through a type of evolution, a new spike would appear on its back.
Yet this one had only one, meaning it was the weakest a Dalki could be.
"Maybe we have a chance!" Ben shouted. "It's too late to run now but if we face it together."
As expected from a half-human – half-beast type creature. The Dalki were overall just better than humans in every way. They were faster, stronger and even more intelligent. Ben knew they had no chance if they turned their back, so there was only one option.
Ben reached for the club on his back and pulled it out.
"Are you ready, Hugo?" He asked.
After asking his question, no words were heard, and a few seconds later, a thud sound was heard. As he turned his head, he could see his friend's body lying there in the sand, dead.
Ben didn't even know what happened.
Out of fear he charged in with his club held in his hand and used all his strength to smash down at the beast, but with a single hand, the Dalki grabbed the club and then crushed it to pieces.
It came as a shock to Ben for he had the ability of super strength, he was five times stronger than an average human yet the Dalki was able to block his attack with ease.
"This place stinks!" Dalki said.

EP-128 Going back
"Wait up! Erin slow down, ``It's really hot out here." Layla complained.
While Layla was struggling with the heat and wanted to walk at a standard pace, it seemed like Erin was power walking through the desert. It was to the point that if she was walking any faster, she would be jogging.
"I can't let them take our crystal, if they hand them in and we lose our points then that means we could lose our place at number one."
"So what? It's not worth risking our lives over, even without those we should still get a pretty good position. Why do you need to be number one so much?"
For the first time, Erin had paused and stood still in the sand. Her fist was clenched and just as she was about to say something, she bit her lip to stop herself.
"Come on, we're not too far off."
By now the black smoke had covered most of the view in front of them. It was hard to make out where it was coming from. But what they did know was that there was far too much smoke for it to be someone else's ability and they were in the desert.
'There weren't a lot of things that could be caught on fire, so just what on earth was making that much smoke?!' Layla thought.
Then as they were walking Layla suddenly sped up as she spotted what looked like a small black spot in the sky, as it got closer she noticed it looked ball-shaped and saw that something was dripping from the bottom of it.
"Hey what is that!" Layla asked.
"I don't know, it might be someone's ability or something," Erin replied. "Maybe you can catch it."
Layla planned to do just that. Before the object could hit the ground or come towards them she would try to stop it in the air. Although Erin was also prepared in case the object was too heavy for Layla to control.
Finally, when it was a few meters in the air, Layla managed to stop it and slowly brought it over to their location. But a few seconds later, she forgot about everything and immediately dropped the object onto the floor.
A thumping sound was heard and it rolled onto the sand towards them, with it a trail of red was sinking into the sand.
"That was a head." Layla said with her voice all shaky. "I'm not seeing things, right? It was a head?"
"Was it a beast, or maybe something else even, it could even have something to do with the black smoke," Erin said calmly.
"How are you not affected by this? Come on, we need to get out of here. Our lives are worth more than some stupid crystals!" Shouted Layla. "Let's get back to the well and tell the others."
But Erin stood there deep in thought.
'If it's an intermediate beast and I use my full strength I should still be able to take it out?' She thought.
"Now is not the time to be playing games, look Erin, I like you and usually I would just leave someone as crazy as you here but I'm telling you we have to go." Layla continued, despite the silence.
But then, in the distance, a tall figure could be seen coming towards them. Its tail slowly moved to the left and right.
"What is that?" Layla asked. For the first time, Erin didn't seem like her confident self. Layla had never seen her back down from a challenge. Even when Vorden was facing off against one of the big four. Although she said she was weaker, she had never displayed a hint of fear.
However, right now she is different. She had crossed her arms over her body, hugging herself and shivering in the desert heat.
"Mommy please save me." She said ever so quietly, that the only words Layla could hear were mommy.
Now that the creature was even closer Layla could finally see what Erin could see. It appeared many times in many textbooks as they grew up. Constant videos had been shown to them of their appearance throughout their school life, it was a Dalki.
But it wasn't alone. As it walked it seemed to be dragging something along with it.
"Oh? Is that another two I see?" The Dalki said.
He then looked at Ben's body which he had been dragging with him, it now had no head but the rest of its limbs were still intact. He placed his foot on the body and pulled on the arm, ripping it from its socket.
"It's a bit closer than last time, but it's not as easy to throw." The Dalki aimed at the two in front of it leaned back and speared the arm through the air.
It left at an amazing speed and power that it seemed like the wind around it was having no effect.
Seeing the arm coming towards them Layla knew this one was too fast for her to slow down with her ability. They barely managed to dodge it, with Layla pulling Erin away from the area.
"Erin, we're getting out of here." Drawing her hand back she slapped Erin across the face leaving a red mark, as she spoke.
But it seemed to have worked. Erin was no longer shaking and she knew the danger the two of them were in.
"Ice path!" She created an ice path in front of her and then formed blades below her feet.
"Do you know how to ice-skate?" Erin asked.
"No."
"Then hold on." Lifting Layla onto her back Erin started to skate down the ice path at amazing speed. Every time they would reach the end of the path, she would extend the ice in front of her. It was several times faster than the two of them running and they were able to create distance between the two.
"The best thing to do would be to head to the shelter and get another ship." Dalki thought. "Those two girls were probably heading for the shelter. If so, it would be bad news if they warned everyone before I got there. I guess I better stop them."
Unluckily for the two girls, if the Dalki knew they were not heading for the shelter, he perhaps would have left them on their own. Their destination was actually for the Well, hoping to warn Vorden and the others.
Not only that but the Dalki was blocking the path back to the shelter.
They could go around but it would take too long and Erin was afraid the Dalki had already set its eyes on them. So, the only option she felt like she had, was to rely on Vorden.

EP-129 My Family
There was no bed in the second building but it was better than staying outside in the heat of the desert. Vorden was currently looking at Peter who was bandaged from head to toe. The little droid had even performed stitches in areas that had an open wound.
Although it wouldn't matter too much once they found someone with a healing ability. They would be able to heal Peter up properly and then there wouldn't be any sign that he had received any damage.
"Did we go too far?" Vorden said to himself.
"Too far, are you kidding me?" Raten said, "You seem to be forgetting that this person sent us off to our death."
"Raten, don't you remember why we were created?" Vorden asked. "Perhaps Peter was going through something similar to Sil, and it was only thanks to us that Sil was able to cope with it all. Have some sympathy for Peter."
Just then Peter started to move a little in his sleep until eventually he opened up his eyes and slowly lifted the top half of his body off the ground. He touched his sides when he noticed he wasn't hurting as bad as before.
"I would move slowly if I were you," Vorden said. "Most likely the robot injected some type of morphine or other painkillers into your body… you probably aren't feeling the pain right now but the hurt is still there. Just lie down and rest for now."
Peter did as he was told and laid back down on the floor. Looking at Vorden's awkward face Peter couldn't tell what he was feeling and started to talk.
"I know you hate me, and you have every right to, but I feel like I need to get something off my chest," Peter said.
Vorden continued to look away, avoiding eye contact, he wanted to seem disinterested even though he was interested in what Peter had to say.
"I didn't choose the school or the bullies over you two like you might be thinking. I chose my family over you two. You see I have an older sister, or maybe I should say: I had an older sister. My family wasn't as rich as you can probably imagine, but they wanted us to have a good life. They saved up every little bit of credits they could and they finally managed to purchase a level three ability book for my sister, just before sending her off to the military.  She was the hope of our family and they wanted her to become a decent traveller. But in her second year of a military school, she died on an expedition. It was a big shock to us all, but it was an even bigger shock for my parents. It seemed like their life started spiralling down from there. There was no way they could afford another ability book for me. They told me not to worry, not to try and work hard like my sister for fear I would perish as well."
"But I wanted them to lead a better life so when I came here I promised myself I would fill the shoes that my sister once had, the only option left for me was to take the Earth ability from the military and to try and level up by being loyal to the military, the only thing I didn't realize was the crazy things they would ask me to do." As Peter finished his story he let out a sigh of relief, it felt like a weight was lifted from his shoulders.
"Sounds like you had a good family," Vorden said. "You should have listened to them, what do you think would happen if you were to die? Trust me they are a lot happier with you alive, no matter what living conditions they were in, rather than you being dead."
Peter then lifted himself from the ground and looked at Vorden.
"I realize that and that's why I said I picked my family over you guys. I didn't mind becoming a builder or something, as long as I would be able to support my family, but then they started targeting me, threatening me on this expedition. I knew what happened to my sister so I thought the same thing would happen to me."
"Was it Earl and his underlings?" Vorden asked.
"How do you know about Earl?" Peter asked.
"I know what they had done to you Peter, and trust me they got what they deserved. I did a lot more than break their fingers and they won't ever bother you again." Vorden said while smiling.
When Peter heard those words there was a strange look in Vorden's eyes, combined with that creepy smile. It was sending a tingle down his spine and all he wanted to do was to get as far away as possible from Vorden.
'Ah, yes I still remember those screams, they were lovely.' Raten said to Vorden.
"No, I mean they were a part of it, but it was someone bigger, someone, near the top."
Vorden then went over and grabbed Peter by the shoulder.
"Who?! Peter, tell me! Was it one of the teachers, or even one of the Sergeants maybe? I saw them going into the second year building so I know it has to be someone from that  department."
Vorden wanted to make whoever was in charge pay for this. They had not only targeted him but got others involved as well. He had heard that some military schools were bad but clearly, something was amiss in this one. It was different from what his brother had described to him.
Peter paused for a second as he was unsure whether he should tell Vorden or not, he knew the second he did Vorden would be involved in this but at the same time it was too hard going through everything alone, Vorden also scared him, he wasn't sure what to do.
Vorden strangely looked at him, this made Peter feel scared and made him start to talk. "It was…" Before Peter could answer. Screaming could be heard from outside.
"VORDEN! PETER! QUINN!" Layla shouted at the top of her lungs.
The two of them immediately headed outside and could see Layla being carried by Erin who ice skated through the desert. When the two of them had finally reached their destination, Erin collapsed into the sand and Layla had fallen off her back.
"Are you okay?" Layla asked Erin.
"I just used up all my power, I don't think I can help in the fight," Erin said.
Erin had used up all her strength to get her and Layla out of there as fast as she could. She had managed to create quite the distance between them and the Dalki but she knew she hadn't outrun the enemy. She could still consistently feel the pressure right behind her. When they looked over one of the sandhills they could see a figure coming towards them.
"What happened, are you running from the people who stole our crystals?" Peter asked with a worried expression on his face.
"No, it's a Dalki." Layla said the fear was written on her face.

EP-130 Fighting the Dalki
The problem was that he felt very weak, and he started to feel weaker by the minute, this made him move slower and slower.
'Perhaps bearing the sun's heat was not such a good idea' He thought.
Even though his stats were better than those of a normal person, he felt weaker than a normal person would. The only reason he could think of to explain this was that the sun seemed to be stronger on this planet than it was on the earth and on the Red Portal Planet where it was night for half the year.
His MC points had now nearly fully recovered, and he couldn't wait to finally cast his shadow cloak. However, just before he could activate the skill, Quinn received a worrying message from the system.
[Long exposure to the sun has been confirmed]
[Your body has been weakened further]
[All stats will now be reduced by 80 percent]
"What is this!" Quinn shouted. "80%?!"
At that moment, Quinn had fallen to his knees as his whole body gradually started to feel weaker. Moreover, he started to feel a slight tingle on his skin. It felt as if the surface was burning, and now his skin was incredibly itchy nearly all over.
"What is happening to me? System! Help! Please explain!" Quinn shouted to himself.
"You're a vampire now." The system replied. "Don't you remember reading all those vampire fantasy books? Of course, if you stay outside and expose yourself to the sun for too long, there will be bad effects."
"What happens if I stay in the sun for too long?" Quinn groaned with a worried look on his face.
"Well, your stats would continue to decrease further and further, until eventually, POOF!" The system said casually as if this didn't bother the system at all like it was of no consequence to it.
"Well, I can't take this any longer, I don't want to find out what POOF! means."
[Skill activated shadow cloak]
The shadow at the bottom of his feet began to slowly surround him, travelling from the soles of his feet to the top of his head. Eventually, he was like a blur of shadow under the radiance of the sun. He became like a human figure made out of shadows.
While this skill is activated, it's hard for other people to spot him, and it works best within the darkness or among the shadows. In the desert however it made him stick out like a sore thumb.
Quinn felt his energy slowly returning to normal, and now he could use his body like how he could do it normally.
[Stats have returned to normal]
His MC points hadn't fully recovered, Quinn wasn't bothered about this, he was returning to the safety of his group, Erin and Vorden could protect him until his MC points fully recovered. In the meantime, there was no need for him to use his abilities in battle. So, for now, he didn't worry about it too much and tried to catch up to the others as quickly as possible.
****
"A Dalki, are you sure?" Vorden asked.
However, before the others could even answer him, they suddenly saw a black figure flying in the sky. It was coming in their direction, landing right in the centre of the well at an incredible speed. It crashed into the large metal machinery, causing it to break apart.
Dust and sand kicked up everywhere, blocking the Dalki's landing place from view. When the specks of dust and dirt that arose started to settle, the Dalki standing right in the middle of the wreckage, could be seen.
"What is this junk?" Dalki said as he lifted a piece of metal that had broken off. "This is not a shelter."
Then, the Daiki looked up at the people who had led him to this place. He could see four students standing in front of him.
"You should tell me where the shelter is, now," Dalki said, pointing to the piece of scrap metal beside Layla.
"M-mm-mee me?" She stammered. "I-it-i-it's over the-there" She pointed, but she couldn't help but stutter her words as she was shivering in fear of the creature.
"Thank you, but I'm afraid no one can know that I was here." He then straightened the piece of metal in his hands with his claws. Then, using his fingertips, he sliced the top half of it to create a makeshift spear.
"I must not fail my mission." He said as he chucked the spear toward the students.
Vorden immediately arrived in front of the group and conjured an ice barrier.
"No! That won't be enough!" Erin said while still lying on the ground. She then lifted her hand and helped Vorden cast another wall behind it, making it as thick as possible, using the last bits of her power.
The makeshift spear crashed through the first ice barrier, it slowed it down slightly, but then it began to pierce through and hit the second wall.
"I need to help." Layla thought as she focused her mind, doing her best to slow down the spear's movements.
Also, Peter rushed forward to where the ice wall was.
"Peter what are you doing, watch out!" Vorden shouted.
"I can help too!" Peter shouted back. Just behind the second ice wall, Peter placed both of his hands on the ground and in that spot, a piece of earth started to slowly rise, eventually creating a third barrier. The spear continued to go through each of the three walls until its head poked through the earth wall. Then finally, the spear had stopped moving.
"Oh! Looks like they've finally started to train you earthlings a bit, I see." The Dalki said. "Perhaps we need to start waging this war again before you earthlings grow even stronger."
"Sil! We need your help now!" Vorden said.
"No!" Sil shouted back.
"If you don't, we will all die."
"You said you would take me to see Quinn. I don't even see any Quinn around here! Why would you lie to me? Are you lying to me like all the others?" Sil asked.
"Just ignore the brat!" Raten said. "Let me take over. We don't have time."
Vorden immediately left the chair and allowed Raten to take over.
The Dalki then rushed forward, and at that moment, Raten placed both of his hands on the ground and a trail of ice materialized, heading straight for the Dalki's feet.
"Hey ugly!" Raten shouted at the Dalki, in an attempt to provoke it. "When that ugly thing stops moving, fire all the arrows you have at it!" He shouted to Layla.
Although Layla didn't like the sudden change of tone in Vorden's voice, she didn't have time to complain.
The trail of ice eventually reached the Dalki's feet. However, it didn't even slow the creature down for a second. As the ice touched its feet, it continued to run forward, breaking the ice with sheer power.
Layla didn't know what else to do, so she fired an arrow at it anyway. She tried to change the direction of the arrow with her powers to make it unpredictable, but it seemed like the Dalki was paying no attention to her at all.
In the end, she aimed the arrow to go directly into the Dalki's thigh. However, the arrow simply bounced off, not even leaving a scratch on it. All Layla had was some standard steel arrows that were only as hard as regular bullets, it seemed that she would at least need beast arrows to inflict a wound on a Dalki.
"Damn it!" Raten shouted "Let's have some lizard barbeque" Using both of his palms, he fired a huge stream of fire towards the lizard. Utilizing both of the abilities together, the flames grew larger and larger until they covered the whole area where the Dalki was.
They couldn't hear any more footsteps from inside the blazing fire, because of this the group thought that the attack was a success. But then, the intensity of the flames started to decrease at an alarming rate as if they were being sucked away by something.
All of the flames were flowing towards the Dalki like it was a vacuum, travelling in one stream directly towards the Dalki's mouth.
"Thank you for the meal." It said, "I haven't had anything this tasty in years."
"It's hopeless," Erin said. "It's too strong. We're all going to die." Erin was shaking in fear the same way as she was shaking earlier, and even Vorden had a concerned look on his face.
[Skill activated Shadow Void]
The area around them started to be encased in a dark shadow. The group looked confused as they had no idea what was going on.
"Is this the Dalki's power?" Layla asked.
"No, I've never heard of something like this."
The Dalki himself was equally confused as them. Just what was it that was surrounding the entire area with them in it?

EP-131 The perfect counter
"Damn it! We're all going to die." Layla said.
But then Erin noticed that the Dalki was also looking around in confusion at the shadows as if it was something unknown to it. "No look, it seems like the Dalki is just as confused as we are, that's probably why it's not attacking us right now."
It wasn't unusual for someone to be afraid of the unknown, and right now, the Dalki was seeing something it had never seen before. It got into a crouching position and was prepared for whatever was to come.
Its senses were telling it something was in the shadows with them, something other than the four in front of it. Then from behind a claw-like shape of red lines came flying towards the Dalki. It turned around, sensing the power of the attack it lifted both of its arms to protect itself, and it placed its arms in an X-shape right in front of its face.
The lines of power had hit it, but the attack hadn't done much damage, just as it was about to look up, four more of the same attack came at it. It quickly held up its hands, it was strongly relying on its hard skin to block the attacks.
Although the attacks didn't hurt the Dalki, for the first time in a long while, it had been pushed back from its position by an attack.
When it pulled its arms down, it was surprising to see what looked like another student standing in front of it. "Oh, so it was you?" It said,
It was a young Dalki who had only met a few adult humans on its journey, but not a single one had given him any trouble or managed to even make him move back with their strongest attacks, the same could be said for any beast that had attacked the Dalki. But here on this safe little planet, it had encountered a young human who had done just that.
As soon as Quinn had released his first attack, his shadow cloak had disappeared and this had revealed him to everyone, the problem was he was low on MC points. He had 90 when he first used the shadow cloak, by the time he had arrived, he only had 80 MC points left.
Then when he had cast the shadow void skill, it meant he only had 30 of his MC points left, and he needed to use them wisely.
He had also used shadow equipment to put his equipment on his hands and feet.
"Is that Quinn!" Peter shouted. "What's with this power? I don't understand."
Then Erin spotted Quinn's watch, to her surprise it currently displayed the number six. "His ability requires more MC than mine, does this mean this Shadow circle is doing? Was he hiding his strength this whole time?!" She shouted.
"He must have had his reasons," Layla said. "But right now, he's going up against an enemy I think he can't deal with."
Layla didn't know what to do, at this point her arrows were useless and couldn't even be used as a distraction because the Dalki would just ignore them. Erin had run out of MC, and Peter was far too weak to be of any use. So right now the only one that could help them was Vorden.
"Please, help Quinn" Layla begged. "You two have to fight it together."
Vorden wasn't the one in control, but Raten was.
'How is the little one doing?' Raten asked.
'He is still sleeping,' Vorden replied.
'So it looks like I'll have to deal with this one.' Raten said.
The Dalki then went and picked up another piece of scrap metal from the ground that was part of the Well's machinery. Although the roof and area were covered in shadows, the same couldn't be said for the ground.
The crumbled building and the broken metal pieces remained scattered everywhere. After picking up a piece of metal, it used its claws to once again turn the metal into a spear.
"I'm assuming I can't get out of this bubble that you created, so I can't run away." The Dalki said.    Otherwise, why would you waste so much of your power creating it."
Of course, the Dalki doesn't know about Quinn's problem with sunlight the sole purpose for Quinn to block out the sun is so he can fight at his full power.
"Let's see how strong you are!" The Dalki shouted as he chucked the spear-like object towards Quinn. It went lightning-fast and was similar to the one that required all four of the others to block before.
"No, there's no way he can block that on his own!" Layla said. "We have to help." She shouted.
Peter stayed by Erin's side while Vorden and Layla rushed towards Quinn, but the spear was going too fast, and they hadn't been able to take a single step before the spear reached Quinn.
[Shadow Control]
Using his Shadow Control skill, Quinn was able to create a black circular shield.
"That won't be strong enough," Erin said, looking up from the ground. "It took all four of us to stop it before, why doesn't he try to dodge it?"
But for Vorden seeing Quinn's action made something click in his head.
The spear flew going at lightning speed until the tip had touched the black circular shadow, at that moment the spear looked like it had stopped in mid-air. However, Quinn and Vorden knew that it was only moving ever so slowly through the shadow.
Once the spear slowed, Quinn moved to the side, he took the shadow away and allowed the spear to continue moving forward and out of the shadow void.
"This is perfect," Vorden said.
Quinn's shadow ability was nearly a perfect counter to the Dalki. The enormous amount of strength meant nothing. No matter how powerful the attack was, it would be slowed down, because Quinn's shadows blocked attacks differently from how other abilities did.
In a way, Quinn as a vampire was the perfect counter to the Dalki.
Vorden continued to run forward while Layla took cover somewhere off to the side. It was clear that for the moment the Dalki was stunned by what he had just seen, and this was their chance.
Vorden threw an ice spear at the Dalki, it shattered into a million pieces once it hit the Dalki's body. However, it did catch Dalki's attention, which was what Vorden was aiming for.
Knowing the Dalki was able to eat fire, it left Vorden only with 2 options, to use ice and telekinesis to fight the Dalki.
"You are boring!" The Dalki said. "I'm far more interested in that one." Ignoring Vordens weak attacks, it dashed straight forward heading for Quinn.
Seeing this, even if Quinn was to use the wind walkability on his boots, he wouldn't be able to outrun the Dalki. The only thing he could do was fight, but what could he use? The blood swipe, although powerful, did no damage, which was problematic.
"Hey, Brat!" Vorden shouted. "Its skin is too tough, use an attack that can hurt it on the inside."
'On the inside?' Quinn thought. He now knew exactly what to do.
When the Dalki was a few meters away, it leapt up into the air with its claws out and with both of its hands above its head, ready to smash down. Quinn quickly placed the shadow above himself, allowing both of its fists to sink into the shadow.
[MC 20/100]
The Dalki could feel its attack slowing down as soon as it touched the strange shadow-like substance but by using its considerable strength it was able to pull its hands from the shadow. The problem was with every physical attack, Quinn would lose MC points. He needed to finish this fight fast.
The Dalki was quick on its feet and didn't allow its first unsuccessful attack to distract it. It threw out a straight kick at Quinn, and once again Quinn stopped it with his shadow shield.
[MC 10/100]
'His attacks are so strong, I can only take one more.' Quinn thought.
Quinn needed an opening and just defending wasn't going to do it. The next thing he was going to do was very risky, but it was the only option he had. As the Dalki threw another punch towards him, Quinn moved the shadow and wrapped it around the Dalki's fist.
[MC 0/100]
The shadow void started to disappear, and Quinn only had a few more seconds before the sunlight would hit him. Quinn could see the Dalki’s other hand coming straight at him, he looked the Dalki in the eyes.
[Skill daze]
Even though the Dalki was a strong opponent and the skill was likely to fail. There was always a slim chance that it might work.
[Daze successful, your opponent has been stunned]
But for Quinn's next move he would need more time than the Daze would allow. He stepped behind the Dalki and prepared all the motions for the hammer strike. As he finished his movements, he added blood spray to the last part, turning it into the most powerful attack he had, a Blood hammer.
As Quinn's fist hit the Dalki's hardback, vibrations and a wave of air had been sent out from around the two of them, the Dalki still hadn't moved from his spot. But after a few seconds, he fell on one knee.
This was Quinn's answer, an internal attack.
[You are being hit by sunlight]
[Al stats have been reduced by 70 percent]
When Quinn thought everything was over, a large fist had come out of nowhere swinging out and hitting him right in the ribs sending him flying through the air.
[Critical hit]
[Your ribs have been broken]
[12/65 HP remaining]
The Dalki stood up from the ground and smiled, wiping away the green blood from its mouth.
"I'm not done with you yet, boy."

EP-132 Blood Bowl
'I want to live!'
After seeing that powerful attack from Quinn, they felt that they might survive this after all, but that happy feeling didn't last for long. A few seconds after the Dalki had fallen to the ground, it sent Quinn flying with a single swing of its fist, Quinn was flying right into the other building, the one that was still intact.
As Quinn hit the building, his body crashed through the wall, and he fell to the floor.
"Is he okay?!" Peter shouted.
"That guy can take a lot more hurt than that," Vorden said. "Trust me, I know from experience. Something like that isn't enough to kill him."
Layla looked at the sky, she immediately realised there was something else they needed to be concerned about. As long as Quinn had a steady supply of blood, he would be fine, but right now, something was holding him back from using his full powers, of course, she meant the sun.
Now she realised why Quinn had cast a shadow surrounding them all, and how he was able to fight so well even though the sun was still up. Looking at the sky, she noticed that it was finally starting to set, the colours were fading from its bright yellow to orange. It would only be a matter of time before it would finally be night on this planet.
"We need to get to Quinn!" She shouted to the others.
However, her cries were useless, no one moved forward, including her. She wanted to go in and help him, but stepping in against such a powerful foe, was like committing suicide.
"Now that was impressive!" The Dalki said with a smile on his face. Its teeth were now on full display, they were a little strange compared to regular human teeth. It looked like those of a crocodile, each tooth was razor-sharp and they overlaid one another.
"I heard there was something called 'martial arts' the earthlings use. I never believed it could be something useful, until just now. You managed to bypass my hard skin and hurt me from the inside."
As the Dalki began to walk over to where Quinn was, something strange was happening on its back. The single spike on its back started to pulsate and glow with a slight blue colour. "Did you know, the more a Dalki gets hurt, the stronger they get!" It said with an evil grin on its face.
The others could tell that it wasn't bluffing, they could feel strange energy coming off its body every time the spike on its back would light up.
When the Dalki tried to take another step forward, it felt something akin to a force field that was pulling him back and slowing him down. This made its movements feel incredibly sluggish.
'Is it coming from the kid from earlier? But that's impossible. He hasn't moved since he tried those ice spears.' The Dalki thought.
"Crazy boy!" Layla yelled, looking at Vorden with both of his hands stretched out.
"What is this ugly dinosaur trying to do?" In the black room inside Vorden's mind, both Vorden and Raten were no longer in the seat, Sil had taken over. "Are you trying to take Quinn away from me?" He yelled.
The Dalki then turned its head slowly using its strength and saw Vorden standing there. "The boy from earlier, but how did he get so strong? He wasn't like this before. You, earthlings, are nothing like we were told, and you're not even adults, you're just students." The Dalki said.
The whole situation was filling the battle crazy Dalki with happiness.
The others were amazed at how powerful Vorden's telekinesis powers were right now. But this was because he was using all the MC points from his other abilities and had it all focused inside the telekinesis ability.
At that moment Quinn was just lifting himself off the ground. He was so badly hurt he had no choice but to use his Blood bank.
[100 Millimetres of blood used]
[50 HP has been restored]
[63/65]
[Blood bank is now empty]
As soon as the blood was consumed, his body started to heal almost instantly. The healing was much faster than when he allowed his body to heal on its own accord. But there was another problem, the ceiling of the building he was in had collapsed, it was letting the sun in, and it was hitting him right now, making his movements extremely sluggish and decreasing his power.
"Vorden, how long do you think you can hold him?" Layla asked.
But Sil didn't reply. His name wasn't being used, and he didn't talk to strangers much in the first place. However as powerful as Sil was, he was unable to completely stop the Dalki's movements. It continued to use its brute strength to power through the telekinetic field and was now walking towards them.
At the same time, she saw Quinn lifting himself off the ground and the sun continuing to set behind him.
'Even if it turns to night, how is Quinn going to be able to fight such a thing? It's just too strong.' Layla thought
Then she seemed to recall something Quinn had told her in the past. That he seemed to get stronger with each person's blood he drank. Layla didn't know the exact details but anything they could do to tip the scales in their favour she would be happy to do right now.
She knelt to Erin's side and asked her for a favour.
"Erin I know you're weak right now, but do you think you could make a bowl of ice for me? I know it sounds weird, but you need to trust me."
Erin was completely exhausted. You could see it in her face. It wasn't just from using her abilities, the whole scenario was affecting her mentally as well. She didn't reply to Layla but lifted both hands and ice started to form eventually creating a small bowl of ice.
The next thing Layla did, she didn't even bother asking for Erin's permission, she grabbed one of the arrows from her quiver and used the tip to make a small cut on the palm of Erin's hands. The strangest thing was that Erin gave no reaction whatsoever, which proved that something was seriously wrong with her.
Then using the bowl of ice, she allowed the blood to drip into it. Once there was a good amount of blood, she continued to do the same using her blood. Next up was Peter.
"I have no time to explain Peter, but if you want to live, let me do this!" Layla said with a strange look on her face. Peter had no intentions of going against her order and allowed for his blood to be put into the bowl as well.
The Dalki continued to move towards them, and the sweat was running down Sil's face.
'This stupid dinosaur's strong' Sill said to Vorden and Raten.
"We know, but don't give up, just a little longer!" Vorden shouted. "Just hold on until the sun goes down."
"Sil, think of everything that ever annoyed you, pretend it's that stupid thing's fault!" Raten cheered.
The words of encouragement from the two empowered Sil to continue fighting, and he was doing his best to hold the Dalki back.
Suddenly, Layla appeared by his side. "I know you're busy keeping the Dalki at bay, but I need your help, it's for Quinn." She said,
The bowl was almost full, Layla didn't know how it worked or how much she needed, but she had to do something. Using the arrow, she created a small cut on the back of Vorden's leg, allowing it to slowly seep into the bowl.
When the bowl was finally full, she started to make her way towards Quinn.
"Just what is that girl doing?" The Dalki thought, but for now, it would have to ignore her. Right now he had a bigger pain in the backside, it was the boy who was controlling his movements.
"Quinn, are you alright?!" Layla asked as she came rushing over.
"Yeah, I'm fine, I was just waiting for the sun to go down. I'm not much use while the sun is out, but it looks like Vorden managed to delay him." Quinn answered.
They both looked at the sun and the faint bit of light that was left. As the sun continued to go down, strength was returning to Quinn's body.
"Here drink this!" Layla said as she handed over the bowl full of blood.
"What is it?" Quinn asked.
"It's all of our blood, I thought it could help you in some way." Said Layla.
Quinn had yet to drink the blood from Vorden, Erin or Peter so right now the blood would give him three extra stat points. He was unsure what, but right now he needed everything he could get, to turn the tide.
He took the bowl and gulped it down in one go.
[65/65 HP]
[Blood bank has been filled]
[2 points have been added into agility]
[One free stat point has been added]
A row of messages had appeared giving Quinn a smile on his face, but the last one was the best of them all.
[You are no longer affected by sunlight]
[All stats have returned to normal]

EP-133 Shadow blood
"I can't hold on any longer, I'm too tired," Sil whined. The struggle against the Dalki was too much for him. He wasn't fighting obsessed like Raten, so he gave up control and left Vorden in charge once again.
Vorden was the weakest of the three and only knew how to use one mind and one ability at a time. As soon as he and Sil had switched places, the pressure that the Dalki felt was immensely weakened.
The Dalki could suddenly move one foot in front of the other again, the amount of force it felt being exerted on itself, was like nothing compared to before.
'I thought this one was special but looks like all he could do was delay me a bit!' The Dalki thought.
Quinn, seeing this happen, knew he was in trouble. He had gained two agility points bringing it up to 18 and then with the boots this made 22. Seeing the Dalki head towards Vorden, Quinn felt like he had to quickly decide what to do with his free stat point.
He put the free stat point into agility without hesitation, it now brought his agility stat up to a total of 23. Then using all the speed he could, and activating his boot's Wind Walk ability, he rushed over to where the Dalki was.
Regardless if Vorden was in trouble or not right now, he would have put his points into agility. The Dalkis strength was too great for Quinn to match, and although it was fast, it wasn't faster than Quinn, he could follow its movements.
With the extra stat points and his boots active, he would be able to dodge the Dalki's attacks, although just barely.
Moving at an incredible speed, Quinn managed to cover the distance from the building to where the others were in only a few seconds. As soon as he was in range, he cast another blood swipe. The attack ripped through the sand and was heading straight for his target.
The Dalki pulled his head back at the last second, and the attack skimmed right past its nose.
It turned its head and looked at Quinn, seeing that the boy was in perfect condition.
"But how is this possible? I'm certain you should be at the death's door by now." The Dalki said.
At the same time, Vorden had collapsed onto the floor. All of his energy and MC points had been used. "It's up to you now, Quinn." He said. "Good luck."
The Dalki charged towards him, and as it did, Quinn could feel the blood and adrenaline rushing through his entire body. He was in a state of absolute concentration as he waited for the Dalki's attack.
A swing made its way to his head, Quinn ducked down and threw out a punch performing blood spray at the same time, taking advantage of the close range. The attacker managed to push the Dalki back a few steps away from him.
[60/65 HP]
The fight continued in this fashion with Quinn avoiding each of the Dalki's attacks, and whenever it would get too close, he would use his blood abilities to push it away.
Slowly but surely his HP was starting to get lower bit by bit.
[48/65 HP]
"What's he doing?" Erin asked. "His attacks are too weak, he's not hurting the thing at all. Why doesn't he use the same attack as before?"
"I think he's stalling for something," Vorden replied, now sitting on the floor with the others. "But for what, I have no idea."
Quinn had to be sure not to get a hit from the Dalki. Not only were his attacks crazy powerful, but if he got even a tiny scratch on him, the ability from the boots he was wearing would deactivate, which would slow him down a lot.
But after dodging for a while, his boots had deactivated anyway as the skill time then wore off. Another claw was coming at him, and it looked like he was about to get hit, he had no choice but to perform the flash step and appear directly behind the Dalki.
'Damn, I can only use the flash step one more time, any more and I'll get worn out.' Quinn thought.
But the Dalki was getting equally frustrated.
"You little Keenan, I will squash you." It lifted both fists and smashed them into the ground, causing a crater to form and rubble to lift off the ground.
It didn't seem like an attack made to hurt anyone. The rocks just lifted into the air and quickly fell back to the floor. It was just a way for it to let out a bit of frustration. At the same time, it had another effect on everyone, it once again showed the might of the Dalki.
Quinn had taken a few steps back away from the Dalki and quickly opened up his status screen.
[MC points 40/100]
This was what Quinn was waiting for, he was waiting for his MC points to return so he could use the shadow ability again. Since it was night time, there was no need for him to use the Shadow void skill. Unfortunately though while the skill was active his MC points would not return.
This whole time Quinn was doing his best to dodge, focusing all his energy on avoiding the Dalki's attacks, waiting for the right moment.  Now he could finally use his shadow abilities once again.
In truth, he wanted to stall a bit longer to gain more of his MC points back, but continuously dodging was getting far too risky.
The Dalki was surprised to see that Quinn was the one coming towards it.
"So you've finally decided to attack, I see!" It shouted.
Quinn flung his hand out with his fingers held together, casting a single Redline of aura. Then before it could move away from him, the shadow underneath his feet started to move.
The shadow reached out and grabbed the Blood aura holding it in place, and now the other end of the shadow was attached to Quinn's hand.
To the others, it looked like Quinn was wielding a large red and black scythe. The black shadows reached into his hand while the curved blood aura acted as the blade held tight by the shadow.
The two opponents were still quite a distance away from each other, but Quinn still swung out the shadow scythe.
Seeing this, the Dalki wasn't afraid, it was slightly confused actually, as the scythe wouldn't be able to reach him. Suddenly, as the scythe was swung outwards, it seemed like it was starting to extend.
As Quinn swung it to his side the shadows extended and the red aura part managed to hit the Dalki right on its side. It was pushed back a few feet and at the same time could feel a stinging pain, when he looked down, he could see a large cut had appeared where his ribs were, and green blood was starting to leak from the wound.
This was what Quinn had been practising the whole week in Logan's room. A way to combine his shadow skills while also using his blood skills and after countless trials and errors, this was what he had come up with.

EP-134 A sacrifice
[47/65 HP]
[35/100 MC]
Combining his shadow skills with his blood skills allowed him to create a more powerful combination skill. Connecting the shadow to his blood swipe allowed him to also add his strength to the power of the blood swipe. The shadow made it possible for the attack to be flexible, moving it about freely.
This would also add extra force and momentum to the attack making it more powerful and increasing the range of the attack beyond the five meters that was the blood swipe's natural limit.
There were only two problems Quinn still had to find a solution for. If the shadow holding the blood swipe was hit, or if he wasn't fast enough, the blood swipe would escape from the shadow's grasp. The other problem is that when the attack hit it would disappear, so he could only use it once. Of course, using the shadow for an attack also used MC points, but there was nothing he could do about that.
The Dalki's blood continued to drip from its side and fall into the sand, but now the spike on its back was pulsating faster and glowing brighter.
Seeing the Dalki injured and bleeding made Quinn feel excited, he charged forward once again.
"Come on, attack me again!" The Dalki shouted.
And Quinn did just that, this time casting a Blood swipe up in the air before grabbing it with his shadow. He then swung it from above right down on top of the Dalki.
The attack was faster than the Dalki had predicted, it could only barely get its arms up in time to block the attack that came at it from above.
The attack was a success and had caused the Dalki to fall onto the ground. Its forearms were dripping with green blood, but it ignored its wounds. It just stood up once again and charged forward.
'Is that Dalki an idiot?' Layla thought. 'I had always heard they were smart. Some minds are even greater than ours, but why does it just keep running forward.'
At this point, even Quinn was starting to worry, his attacks were working, but the Dalki was acting strangely. For now, there was nothing he could do about it. He went to attack once again with his shadow scythe, only this time the Dalki managed to jump and avoid the blow.
"Did it just get faster?!" Quinn said.
"You seem to have forgotten." The Dalki said, "I told you already the more we are hurt, the stronger we become." The Dalki made a fist above its head and threw it down towards Quinn's face.
Quinn had no choice but to move his shadow to block the fist attack, but the Dalki immediately used a kick to his side which was too fast for him to be able to move the shadow to defend against. The attack hit and he was thrown to the side, his ribs were broken once again.
[3/65 HP]
[Blood bank has automatically been activated]
[53/65 Hp]
While in mid-air Quinn's body started to heal and his bones went back into place. Putting both his hands in the sand, he tried his best to slow himself down and eventually came to a halt.
"I can't win," Quinn said. "Even with my full power, it's still too strong."
"Snap out of it Quinn!" The system shouted in his head. "You only became a vampire a couple of weeks ago, and you think you can already take out an enemy like this. You will grow in due time, but the important thing right now is to survive."
But how was he meant to survive? His blood bank had been used up, the only answer he could think of was he needed more blood. If he could get to where the others were, and he filled up his blood bank, maybe he could keep firing out his blood attacks till the thing died.
The cooldown on his boots had reset, and once again, he could use the wind walk skill. He rushed towards the Dalki who was coming toward him. As it did, Quinn could see the big smile on its face as if it was enjoying the fight, He also noticed the horror on the faces of the others.
"I can do this! I have to do this!" Quinn shouted.
Running forward and not changing his direction, he went straight ahead, then just as the Dalki was prepared to attack—
"Flash step!"
He used his skill, allowing him to avoid the strike and go right past the Dalki. He continued to run straight ahead and was heading for the others.
During the fight between the Dalki and Quinn, Layla made her way around the fight and joined with the other three. All of them were watching in silence, with awe on their faces.
'What is he doing?!' Layla thought. 'Should we run, is that why he's coming towards us?'
"I need blood!" Quinn yelled. "I can't fight the Dalki like this, I need more blood!"
Layla didn't ask any questions and immediately started to make another cut on the palm of her hand, and Erin had already formed another ice bowl. Erin didn't know what was happening but whatever Layla had done last time had made Quinn stronger, and Quinn was now their only chance to survive.
But when they all looked up, their faces had dropped entirely, for the Dalki was already right behind Quinn. Not only had its strength gotten higher but so had its speed. Everything about the Dalki had improved.
It was too late for Quinn to notice, and the Dalki was already mid-attack. Quinn had never suspected the Dalki would grow so much during the battle, but it seemed like what it had said earlier was true.
The fist flew forward and penetrated right through flesh and bone, going straight through his body and out to the other side.
At this point, Quinn had finally noticed that the Dalki was right behind him. He was too focused on obtaining the blood Layla had gathered, he had failed to realize what was happening behind him.
Bright red blood could be seen dripping onto the ground with a fist through his body. But it wasn't Quinn's body that was penetrated. The person who had been hit was Peter.
"Quinn…" Peter said weakly, coughing out blood that filled his mouth.  "Please…Forgive... me." His body fell to the ground and hit the soft sand, his blood continued to soak the sand turning it red.
At the moment Quinn needed help the most, the only one brave enough to step up and come to Quinn's side was Peter. However, it came at a terrible price…

EP-135 Blood Ritual
But what upset Quinn more than anything, instead of what happened to Peter, was another thought altogether. This thought was…
'Look at all that wasted blood.'
Fortunately, though, that quickly changed as he soon realized what had occurred.
"Peter!" he shouted.
"When did he get over there?" Layla asked after hearing Quinn's shout.
"I was too busy looking at Quinn waiting for him back here," Erin replied to her question.
"The same goes for me. He must have started moving towards Quinn as soon as he saw the Dalki," Vorden said. "But why did this happen after what we were just talking about? You had a family that cared for you."
The Dalki looked at Peter on the floor.
"That's quite noble of you. A society should build itself on sacrificing the weak ones to preserve the strong." That's exactly how the Dalki does it. He was selfless, and his sacrifice allowed the stronger human genes to be passed on.
"It's a shame though…since you will all be dying with him."
'This was it,' Quinn thought. As the Dalki came closer to him, he had run out of trump cards. His MC had been used and all he had left was his original skills.
"I'll kill you!" Quinn shouted. "Even if it means killing myself!"
Opening both palms, Quinn soon ran forward. When he felt that he was close enough, he shot out a blood spray from one hand. The Dalki would slightly flinch in response to this as his foot shifted back a little.
[48/65 HP]
Usually, these attacks wouldn't inflict any damage. But the more hurt he was the stronger he gets, that didn't mean his defence increased. He had been quite severely damaged by Quinn's Shadow Scythe attacks.
Another spray of blood fired out again.
[43/65 HP]
Quinn rapidly fired out multiple blood sprays.
"Hey! It seems to be working!" Layla shouted out.
But in contrast to Layla's words, Vorden wasn't too sure. He didn't know how Quinn's attacks worked since he hadn't told the two. Also, he wasn't sure if he was imagining things or not, but every time Quinn used that attack, his face seemed to grow paler.
[38/65 HP]
[33/65 HP]
"I'll kill you!" Quinn shouted. "And once I'm done with you, I'll suck out your blood until you're nothing but a walking skeleton!"
He continued to shout out words of abuse, but he wasn't sure what he was saying. Fortunately, a nice surprise came to him amidst his combat.
[Blood Spray has levelled up!]
[Blood Spray is now Lvl. 2]
As Quinn shot out the new and improved blood spray, the power seemed to push his arm back even more as the spray's range grew further as well. As it hit the Dalki this time, its wounds seemed to be opening up as more green blood was leaking out of it than before.
[28/65 HP]
[23/ 65 HP]
Now that the two of them were a distance away, the group ran up to Peter to check on him. They moved his body and allowed him to lay on his back. Surprisingly, even though he had such a big wound, he was still breathing.
"What do we do?" Layla cried out." He'll bleed to death like this. Can't we use the robot?"
"No, the robot wasn't meant to patch up injuries like this," Erin replied.
"It might be best if we kill him here," Vorden said all of a sudden.
The two girls looked at Vorden with expressions of shock. They couldn't believe what they had just heard.
"Look. I know what Peter did against you two was wrong, but can't you just forgive him?" Layla shouted back in response to Vorden's words.
Vorden shook his head as a reply.
"You're mistaken, Layla. I already forgave Peter a while ago. I'm just saying this for his sake," he soon said. "Look at him, he's in pain. He's been bleeding for the last two minutes, and at most, he only has another three before he's completely gone. It'll be more peaceful to get rid of him now."
But the group didn't have time to decide for they were distracted by something else. Whenever Quinn would use the blood spray, a sound similar to a small shotgun would be heard, but the sound had suddenly stopped.
When they looked over, they saw Quinn kneeling on one knee while the Dalki was still standing, but green blood was oozing from the multiple wounds on his body.
Quinn hadn't paid much attention to it, but he had unfortunately run out of stamina. With the increase of firepower in the blood spray, it also took up more energy to use it. Right now, it seemed that he had overexerted himself. Sweat was dripping all over his body while all of his muscles cramped up.
He looked at the Dalki that was still standing, unbelieving that it was still alive after it had received so much damage.
The Dalki soon started walking over while Quinn looked at it directly in the eyes.
[Daze]
[Daze skill uneffective]
And just like that, the last thing he could do had been tossed out the window.
"Damn it! If Peter can go forward, then at least I can as well!" Vorden shouted all of a sudden as he charged in with what little power he had left, but all of a sudden, a large metallic object went flying right by Vorden's head, landing directly between Quinn and the Dalki.
"You kids get back! Get out of here now! That's an order!" This sound echoed from the object that just landed, and all of them found out what it was straight away. It was a mech.
Quickly soon after, another Mech had landed right next to that one. It did not take for the Dalki and the mechs to be engaged in combat after that. The mechs had humungous strength and were equivalent to that of the Dalki they were currently facing.
The only problem was, they were still clunky and not as agile, but the others noticed that it would take a while before the Dalki would be able to destroy them.
"Come, Quinn!" Vorden yelled, putting Peter on top of his shoulder. "Let's get out of here!"
And with that, the two of them went over to where the others were by Peter's side. Right now, his face was much paler than before, and not to mention, his eyelids were drooping as well.
Quinn knelt by his side and looked him in the eyes.
"I'm sorry, Peter. You saved me." There were no tears in his eyes like the others, but there was a hint of melancholy in his voice.
But then, just as he said these words, a voice was heard from the system.
"If you wish to save him, you must act quickly," the system said.
"I can save him? But these wounds are impossible to heal with no healer around."
"That is indeed the case, but if he was no longer human, and a supply of blood from each of you, he would be able to overcome this fatal wound. As long as his heart and the core of his brain is not damaged, then he will live. You have the choice, but you have to decide fast, whether to do so or not."
[Would you like to activate the blood ritual?]

EP-136 Cursed Family
He would have much rather Blooded Layla or Vorden when the time was right. The two of them had done nothing but help him out during these times.
But right now, it wasn't about loyalty, it wasn't about what was right or wrong but about whether or not Quinn wanted to save his life.
Surely becoming a vampire was better than dying, right?
"I'll do it!" Quinn said.
[Yes]
After confirming he wanted to make Peter into a Blooded one, a new screen had appeared in front of his face. One that had given him detailed instructions.
"Quinn, what's up with your eyes?" Layla asked.
Quinn didn't know it himself, but as soon as he had accepted to activate the skill of his blood ritual, his eyes started to glow. Faint red circles were seen around the iris. Similar to when he activated his Influence skill.
Right after, he started to follow the instructions one by one.
[Please proceed by inserting the Host's blood into the mouth of the target]
Quinn unequipped his equipment and placed it back into the dimensional space. Then using one of the tips of Layla's arrow, he inflicted a cut on his hand, creating a brand new wound. He held his hand just above Peter's mouth, who was now barely breathing and allowed for the blood to drip in.
It touched the tip of his mouth and slowly started to fall inside his body. His fingers that were once unmoving now started to twitch, and a warm feeling had started in his body.
Inside the blood cells, Quinn could be seen latching onto the blood cells of Peter's and slowly, they were all starting to change throughout his body.
Peter's eyes then opened wide, and now he had red rings around his eyes. Quinn couldn't quite explain it, but for a moment, he could feel a connection with Peter and could see what was happening inside his body.
"Quinn this isn't enough, the transformation has only just begun, but he now needs the blood of the others to live." The System shouted.
"Guys, please, I need you all to do the same," Quinn asked.
Just then, Peter's body started shaking uncontrollably. His wound still hadn't healed, but he was moving as if he was back alive once again. Quinn quickly grabbed both of his hands.
"Someone hold his mouth open!" Quinn shouted.
Vorden quickly moved to the top of Peter's head and held his mouth open wide. It was a struggle as Peter swung his head left and right. "What's happening to him, Quinn?! It's like he's turned into a crazy beast!"
Just as he said those words, he started to realize what was happening, the look on Quinn's face said it all. Quinn was going to save his life by turning him into a vampire.
The others did as instructed, and each one squeezed out the blood from the previous wound they had made before, re-opening them.
Finally, a result. The wound around Peter's stomach started to heal as his cells slowly patched them together. It was at a speed unseen unless one was to use a healing ability.
"What magic is this?" Erin said out loud.
But the other two had a concerned look on their face as they knew exactly what was happening. Peter started to struggle less and less until he eventually calmed down, and his eyes were finally closed.
"Is he still alive?" Layla asked.
Vorden then placed his head onto Peter's chest, and for a while, a heartbeat wasn't heard, but then ever so faintly he could hear a beat.
"I think so?" Vorden said, half confused. Then when checking his breath, they realised he was indeed still alive.
At that moment Quinn received another message.
[The ritual was a success!]
[The human has successfully been blooded 1/2]
[A Vampire Ghoul has been created]
[A new family has been created]
[What would you like to name your family?]
When seeing the notifications, there were a couple of things that had surprised him, and Quinn wanted immediate answers. But the first thing he needed to do was get rid of the screen in his face which wanted him to name his family.
"Family?"
"Now that you have turned someone, he falls under your ranks, he has your blood, so he is a part of your family. Every Vampire that turns someone has the responsibility to look after their family." The system explained.
Right now Quinn could only think of one thing, although he had gotten stronger thanks to the ability, he now relied on one thing, blood. Without it, he didn't know how he would survive.
If he went two days without a human by his side, then what would he do? He couldn't eat the blood of beasts or animals, and if he started fighting using his blood abilities, it would only cause him to rely on it even more.
[Family name: The Cursed]
This was how Quinn felt at this moment and time.
Just then a loud crash was heard, as the group turned their head they could see a Dalki on top of one of the Mech's ripping off one of its arms. It was covered in more blood than before, and it no longer looked human but just that of a pure beast.
"Well, well, looks like we lucked out and it's only a single spike." A voice was heard from behind the group of students, and when they turned to look, they could see Leo standing there.
Although he didn't look like his ordinary self—usually he would be wearing his military uniform and have his katana by his side. But right now, he had a light set of Black and Red Beast gear on, and his chest had the design of a Japanese demon. An Oni with horns.
"There will be no need to call the others, or use my soul weapon for something like this."

EP-137 Green blood
"There has been a report of a Dalki ship crash landing on the planet Caladi," Nathan reported. At that moment, the first-year sergeants had expressions of shock on their faces. "Don't worry. It seems to be a stray ship from somewhere. The tower made communications with the Dalki, and of course, they said it was a member who had gone rogue."
"Damn those Dalki!" Duke yelled, slamming the table." Every year, they keep pushing and pushing into our territory."
"Luckily, it only seems to be a single ship, so at most, there will be two there. Of course, the tower has asked us to send…"
Before Nathan could even finish his sentence, Leo stood up from his seat and bowed down in front of Nathan. "Please allow me to go. Those students are too young to experience something like this, especially on their first outing. They must be protected."
Nathan was quite shocked to see Leo suddenly volunteering. Usually, when something like this occurred, no one would willingly go and risk their lives against the Dalki. Hearing this made Nathan wonder if the rumours were true.
For some reason, Leo had a stronger grudge against the Dalki than most people. Or perhaps, he just really cared about the students. One thing was for sure though. He was sure that if they were to send Leo out, then there would be no need to send out any of the other teachers or sergeants.
As long as the Dalki had no more than three spikes, then Nathan was confident in him. "Well, I guess the matter is settled. Fay, Hayley, I want two of you on standby just outside the portal for their return. If any backup is needed, then you go straight through. Hayley, heal anyone who needs immediate medical attention."
The meeting had ended like that and everyone did as they were asked. Leo quickly put on his gear while the two girls waited outside the green portal. "It seems like Del's class is having it tough this year," Hayley said.
"I couldn't agree more, it's almost as if bad luck has been following them around wherever they go," Fay replied.
Leo was eventually ready, unhesitatingly entering the portal soon after.
*****
The shelter had responded to the emergency response and had closed all shelter gates. No citizens were allowed to leave the shelter at the moment without military clearance. Two mechs had been sent out to look for the Dalki, with both of them arriving at the crash site. Unfortunately for them, there was no sign of the Dalki.
This was the reason why it had taken so long for the Mechs to discover the students and the Dalki. But once the Mechs had discovered their location, they were able to tell Leo exactly where they were.
"Men, fall back!" Leo shouted.
The two guys in the mechs did as ordered. The Dalki was holding onto one of the Mechs' arms and the guy had no choice but to allow it to be ripped off to break free. They immediately backed away and went by the students' side.
"Another one," the Dalki said as he saw Leo walking towards him with his hand on his sheath. "You are germs to this whole universe, look how many of you there are on this planet already."
The Dalki looked like he was heavily injured, but that didn't fool Leo. Using his ability, he could see the strong aura emanating from him. The Dalki had not given up just yet.
"Why do you fight us?" Leo asked.
In response to his question, the Dalki ignored him and went in for a strike. Leo responded to his actions by pivoting forward and using a quick draw, pulling out the katana from its sheath and putting it back in an instant.
The Dalki felt nothing as his arm had been cleanly sliced off. There was no resistance like everything else before had, it was as if the sword was able to ignore all attributes.
The arm went flying up into the air and landed a distance behind Leo while green blood spewed out from the open wound.
"You!" The Dalki pointed with his other hand. "I know who you are! The others had warned me about you!" Unfortunately for him, before he could even finish talking, its head had also been cleanly cut off.
"Was this the only one?" Leo asked.
For a moment, the students had forgotten to speak as they were too amazed at what they had just seen. The thing they struggled to defeat with all of them combined was killed just like that.
"Um…yes. That's the only one we saw," Layla replied.
The two mechs soon ran forward and went down on their knees. "Thank you for protecting us, Sergeant Leo."
"Don't thank me," Leo replied. "Thankfully, the Dalki was already on its last legs. You two must have done a good job in injuring the Dalki before I got here."
The two soldiers looked at each other in response. They knew that their skills hardly had any effect on the Dalki. They hadn't even managed to land a hit even once. Nearly all of the wounds that were on the Dalki were on it before they had even gotten there.
'It couldn't have been the students, could it?' they simultaneously thought.
If Leo was able to see the expressions on their face, he too would have realized that they were not the ones who had injured the Dalki.
Leo and the two soldiers were busy inspecting the Dalki, seeing if they could find anything indicating why he was here.
While they were doing that, the others were still tending to Peter, making sure he was okay. In contrast, Quinn's attention was focused on something else.
His eyes were fixated on the Dalki's hand that was not too far away from them. He started walking over and Vorden soon noticed what he was looking at as well.
[Inspect]
[Dalki: A half-human, half-beast race]
"Half-human, half-beast?" Quinn looked at it with a confused expression. Aren't the Dalki aliens? Although he was curious about this, he inspected the arm, only to confirm something else.
[Inspect]
[Dalki blood]
[Consuming the blood will have unknown effects on the host]
"System, do you know what the Dalki blood will do?" Quinn asked.
"No," The system replied rather bluntly. "But I will tell you this. If it did any harm to your body, the system would warn you."
Quinn then walked over to the arm and dipped his finger in the green blood. He sniffed it a little at first. It had a sweet scent with a hint of mint in it, reminding him of toothpaste.
'Should I?' Quinn thought. 'The system said it wouldn't hurt me, right?'

EP-138 The assessments end
Unless it was keeping information from him, which again was possible. But if the system was telling the truth, did that mean none of the old or current vampires ever interacted with the Dalki race? But then how did the system know of beast weapons?
Everything was suddenly getting confusing for Quinn as the timelines just didn't make sense. Humans had discovered the use of teleporters and the Beast planets in this solar system only once they had fought with the Dalki.
The portal technology was originally theirs, to begin with.
Yet the vampires had never heard of them, yet still had access to beast weapons. Right now it was clear that Quinn didn't have all the pieces of the puzzle, and just thinking about it would give him a headache.
"Well, here it goes." The temptation was too much. Quinn imagined anyone in his situation would have done the same thing. As the blood touched his tongue, a mint sensation entered his body. Similar to toothpaste, it wasn't nice, but it wasn't exactly bad.
As it went down his throat, a weird tingling sensation could be felt in his body and then, it started to spread all over as if his body was on fire. Right now, Quinn wanted to do anything to let out the energy.
[Level 1 Dalki blood has been consumed]
[A 10 percent increase in all stats. Will last one hour]
The tingling feeling Quinn felt through his body was hard to describe and the buff that he got from obtaining it was amazing. It wasn't a set amount like those before it, but a percentage increase. Which meant as long as he got stronger the buff increase went up along with it as well.
Quinn looked at the arm again and thought if there was any way of him taking it back with him. Unfortunately, it seemed like non-living matter was unable to enter the Dimensional space.
When Quinn was back at the school, he decided to do some more tests. First, he had placed a flask into space, and the object had gone in fine. Then using some blood he had obtained from Layla, he had placed it into the flask and tried to put it into the space again. But it refused to go in.
Once taking out the blood it would go in again. Quinn then did some more tests by trying it on certain animals and other things, and it looked like any type of living matter, including plants, were unable to be stored in space.
It was a shame, but he was unable to place the arm in the space. But by that time, Leo and the other two were already done with checking out the dead Dalki body.
"These two will escort you back to the school. Make sure that all your injuries are dealt with."
"Back to school!" Erin complained. "What about the assessment?"
"It's cancelled, all the students in the shelter have already gone back to school, and anyone outside hunting has been brought back," Leo replied.
At that point, Erin knew there was nothing she could do, but wait for the school to make an official announcement.
As the others walked off with the soldiers, Leo grabbed onto Quinn's wrist.
"It looks like you stayed true to your word, and you protected them," Leo said. "I guess you are on our side after all."
Quinn didn't know what to say back, Leo's sudden words were a surprise, to say the least. But as Leo looked past Quinn, he noticed Peter. And he looked slightly different and had a slight tint of purple to his aura similar to Quinn.
Although Leo had never taught Peter before, he was unsure whether Peter always had this aura or not. "I'm still keeping my eye on you two," Leo said. "But for now, go rest."
Quinn quickly rushed off and followed behind the others, he couldn't help but think back to the words that Leo had said. He was keeping an eye on us two. If he wasn't sure about it before he was sure about it now. Leo knew he was different, and he could tell Peter was now too.
But looking at Peter, Quinn was even unsure of what he was himself. When going through the blood ritual, Quinn had assumed that Peter would be changed into either a Vampire or a halfling like he first was. But instead, Peter had turned into something called a vampire ghoul.
Just then, as the group continued to carry Peter on their shoulders, it seemed like he was starting to wake up.
"Hey, Quinn, get over here!" Layla shouted. "It looks like he's waking up."
As he opened his eyes, Vorden and Layla slowly allowed him to stand on his own two feet.
"What happened?" He asked.
Then images started to flash through his head of jumping in the way to save Quinn. He quickly looked down at his stomach and noticed a big hole where his uniform should have been, but his stomach didn't have a single mark on it.
"I think you should talk to Quinn, once we have the time and this is all over," Vorden replied.
"Anyway, how are you feeling?" Layla asked.
"I'm feeling good," Peter replied. "Better than usual actually, although I am a bit hungry."
As Peter said those words, the three of them looked at each other.
*****
Somewhere in an unknown place in a large room, there was a large rectangle table that stretched out far and wide. On the table, there were a total of thirteen seats, and each one had a person sitting in them, all apart from one.
It was a mixture of men and women, and they all looked all sorts of ages, but they all had one thing in common as they sat in their seats and that was their red coloured eyes.
Behind each of the seats was a single purple coloured flame just behind them attached to the wall and behind the empty seat, there was one that had been lit up as well.
A single man sat at the head of the table and started the conversation.
"As you can all see, the flame has been lit above the 10th chair."
"Does that mean he's back? But I thought he had died" Chatter started amongst the twelve in the chairs until the head spoke once again.
"No, I believe he managed to somehow find someone before he left this world and they have officially blooded their first, creating a new family."
"But why now, it's been a hundred years!" A female shouted
"I don't know but what I do know is we must find this new family and bring them in as soon as possible. Make sure they uphold our laws and if not. We shall get rid of them all."
End of Arc 1
****

EP-139 A Curious Boy
"Did you spot anyone Ham?" The kid asked.
"No, but are you sure we should be doing this, you could get kicked out of the family?" The little flying bull replied, fluttering around in the air.
"As if that could ever happen. My dad's one of the thirteen family leaders, and I'm the one that's going to be his successor." The boy then walked into the large hall with Ham following in the air closely behind him.
With his gelled-back black hair and dark clothing, it was nearly impossible to spot him at night, but there was one distinctive thing that stood out about the boy, it would allow you to see him in the dark even if you were quite a distance away. It was his glowing red eyes, which gave the boy away as a vampire.
His name was Fex, and today he had come to the hall inside his family's castle for one reason, to go to the human world.
On his back, he carried a relatively large backpack, packed with all sorts of things. Clothes, toothpaste, a brush and all sorts of essentials. After all, he didn't know how long he would be visiting the human world.
Just then out of his backpack, Fex pulled a small silver ring that had ten crystals embedded on the inside and all around. He lifted the ring into the air before kissing it.
"I have to thank you again Blood evolver wherever you are, because of you I can finally leave this place." He then placed the ring on the ring finger of his right hand and was finally ready to go. "Come on Ham, hurry up."
"Wait, I think I hear someone!" Ham said.
Just as Ham said it, the sound of footsteps could be heard. Fex quickly looked around the hall which was filled with square-shaped machinery on the floor, each spaced an equal distance from the other, the gap between each one was quite far.
Quickly rummaging through his backpack, Fex pulled out what looked like a piece of paper. "Come on, where is it, I need to remember that access code!" But the nerves were getting the better of him, and his fingers fumbled as he dropped the piece of paper onto the floor.
"Fex there right there!" The bull said now visibly sweating.
"Well, let's just hope I don't end up somewhere too bad!" Fex then rushed over to one of the square machines on the floor and tapped on top of the machine. A bright display lit up, asking for an access code.
"Please input the correct access code for your destination."
He closed his eyes and tried to remember one of the numbers from the piece of paper, but he struggled to remember which one led to where. In the end, he had to go for it and type in the only one he could think of.
"Acess code accepted."
The contraption started to open, and mechanical sounds could be heard.
From the hallway, one of the guards who was roaming could hear the mechanical sounds coming from the room. 'Is someone using the teleporters, I don't remember an outing planned for today?' The man thought.
He quickly ran into the room, and just then, he could see Fex standing in front of the circular teleport device.
"Fex what are you doing? Don't go in!" the man shouted.
Fex turned around and looked up at the man, he gave him a huge smile before saluting the man. He grabbed Ham and jumped back into the teleport circle. Once Fex had gone through, the machine had automatically closed down on its own.
"I knew that kid always did crazy things, but this has just gone too far." The man said. "I must report this to the family leader immediately."
Meanwhile, inside the teleporter, Fex's mind was being distorted, and all he could see around him was a bright array of different colours. "Ham, you need to transform, the humans will have a fit if they see you flying above me!"
A small puff of black smoke appeared around Ham. When the black smoke went away, it was replaced with what looked like a black dangling earing, it was round at the top with a little symbol of a bull on it. In contrast, the dangling bit was long and rectangular on the bottom. Fex quickly grabbed it before putting it on his right ear.
"Finally, here I come, bye dark gloomy world!" Fex yelled excitedly.
Just then the tunnel of colours around him seemed to end, and now he felt like something was dragging him through to the other side.
When Fex opened his eyes, he found himself in a large dome-like building with digital signs going all across the walls showing all sorts of advertisements. But the biggest one of them all was one that said welcome to Toklon City.
'I finally made it.' Fex thought.
Fex was currently inside what was known as a City station on Earth. In the centre of the city was a large circular device that glowed a bright white colour and every so often people would appear from it.
Several different people were coming through, some wearing building equipment, others in suits, and some were even travellers wearing beast gear. City stations could usually be found on most shelters on other planets, large factions also owned them as well as the top corporations.
There were two types of city stations, an arrival station and a departure station. The departure stations were usually filled with all types of checks. Even those that were privately owned would receive regular check-ups from the human federation, they would even send their guys to work as security. If it didn't meet a certain standard, then it would simply be put out of commission.
And of course, at each of these stations was an access code that needed to be imputed. This access code was usually given to only a couple of people who worked at city stations.
Fex couldn't help but stare around and look in amazement at the place.
"Can you believe it, Ham!" Fex said. "We made it, and there are so many humans. They look nearly the same as us, although there are some incredibly ugly ones." Fex said a little too loud.
The people around him started to give Fex strange looks as they heard him say those words, but at the same time, they couldn't help staring at him. Although he was a teenage boy who looked around sixteen, they could feel a certain charm pulling them in.
"Fex, you need to suppress your abilities," Ham said.
"Oh that's right, I nearly forgot!" Fex closed his eyes and focused, letting the aura that was surrounding his body shrink inside himself. Suddenly the people who were looking at him no longer felt an urge to stare."
Unlike the departure station, the arrivals station didn't have many security checks, apart from a few guards who stood by the doors to the exit. After all the checks were done on the other end making sure of the security, they would allow anyone to input the code.
Several people seemed to be waiting for their loved ones.
Fex headed for the exit as if he didn't worry about the world, but just as he reached the exit, he could see the doors to the outside where the sun was glaring. "Time to put this ring to the test," Fex said.
He closed his eyes and took one step out into the open sun, and nothing happened. There was no itching feeling or burning pain like when he had gone through his training. It was just the same as when he was in the dark.
With a big smile on his face, he continued to walk forward and started to explore the city.
From the city station, he was able to see the edge far away in the distance. The city was surrounded by a large wall that was nearly taller than all the skyscrapers around them. On the buildings, there were also several advertisements for different things but what he kept seeing the most, were either companies selling ability books or those that were recruiting travellers to join their faction.
After walking a while, Fex decided to stop by what looked like a food shop. He saw a man walk out with a bag full of food and drinks.
'Perhaps I can get this thing called wine, the drink my grandpa was talking about, from this shop.' Fex thought.
As he went inside, he started to look around the shop in the drinks section for an item labelled as wine. However, he noticed while he was walking around in the shop that others would still continually look at him.
"I have my ability suppressed right, Ham?" Fex asked.
"Yes, I can no longer feel you're presence."
"It must just be my natural good looks then."
After ignoring the people giving him sideways glances, he had eventually found the drink labelled as wine.
"There's so many, I guess they all taste the same right?"
He grabbed a random bottle and rushed over to the counter, waiting for his turn.
"I would like to purchase this please," Fex said as he started to get out his money card.
"ID please." The counter clerk asked.
"ID?" Fex was confused. Unknown to him every citizen of Earth was required to carry around an ID. If Fex had paid attention in his classes, then he would have known that he would obtain a fake one when he reached the age of eighteen.
"How old are you, kid?" The clerk said as he looked Fex over from head to toe.
"Sixteen, can I not purchase this drink then, I have the money," Fex said, with an innocent smile on his face.
"No, of course, you can." The clerk said, smiling as he proceeded with the payment as usual.
Then as Fex had left the shop, the clerk immediately opened up his screen and dialled the number 111. "Hello, I'd like to report someone on Bader street… yeah, it looks like a student who is committing Draft evasion… Black hair… gelled back… With an earring. He didn't seem to have an ID on him either."

EP-140 Sanguinis Family
But Fex never forgot the stories his grandpa used to tell him, the countless things earth had to offer them as vampires. Of course, it had been many years since his grandpa had visited earth but the one thing he would never stop talking about was this drink called wine.
This was why Fex put it at the top of his to-do list when he would finally visit earth.
"You're being followed, you know," Ham said.
"Yeah, I can tell," Fex replied.
"Did the family find us already?" Ham asked.
Fex started to sniff the air when he noticed that there were at least four people following them from a distance.
"No they don't smell like vampires, most likely they are humans. But why are they following us?" Fex said.
Although Fex didn't pay much attention during his lessons, there was one law that was hammered into his head. Never, under any circumstance, reveal yourself to humans. If they found out what you are you only had two options. Bring them back with you to turn them into a blooded, or kill them.
Right now he was sure he hadn't done anything to make him look suspicious. Although there was a law against revealing that you're a vampire, there was no such law saying anything about fighting with humans. Fex decided to turn around a corner into a dark alleyway, to confront the humans following him.
"I know you're following me." Fex said. "Is it because I bought this?" He lifted the plastic bag that contained the bottle of wine.
"Look I know times are rough but I heard the cities were quite wealthy, if you want I can buy another bottle for you." Fex offered.
The two men stepped towards Fex. "Relax, we are not looking for trouble." One of them said, "We just want to confirm your age and if you have any ID on you?" The other one said.
"It's about my age again, what's with this place? I already said I'm 16 and about the ID I must have lost it somewhere." Fex exclaimed.
The two men then looked at each other. When people were trying to avoid the military draft it was quite common for them to get rid of their IDs. They would try to live their life by other means, never showing their ID card.
But Fex looked young and he had also confirmed his age to them. No more questioning was needed, the actions they had to take were clear.
"Fire when you're ready." The first man said.
'Looks like I might have to fight my way out of this one.' Fex thought. But he knew he had to be careful not to use any of his vampire abilities. But that didn't mean he had to hold back from using his regular abilities.
He took a step forward and a small sharp pain was felt in the side of his neck.
   What the..?" as he looked to the side he noticed that something that looked like a dart had been shot into his neck, inside the dart a green liquid could be seen.
"Why am I suddenly ….feeling…so..sle.." His eyes started to close and he collapsed onto the floor.
The two men walked up to the sleeping boy. "Luckily he didn't have a hardening ability, I was ready to get into a scrap there." One of the men said.
****
Back at the castle, a certain man was sitting in a large throne-like chair. In his left hand, a single glass contained a red liquid inside. While his other hand was busy restlessly tapping on the arm of his chair.
The man looked like the mature version of Fex, they were almost identical except for the goatee that slightly covered his chin. While sitting in the chair he had a deep frown on his face. This man was Fex's father Lee, Lee Sanguinis.
"Is there any update?" He said.
Kneeling in front of him were five of his subordinates.
"Yes Sir Lee, we discovered that Fex has arrived at the city of Toklon. Unfortunately, it seems like the humans have managed to get to him before we could sir." One of the subordinates said.
Just then Lee slapped his hand across his forehead while continuing to shake his head.
"That boy will ruin this family," Lee said. "The silly boy never paid any attention to his classes, yet he always listened to my father's crazy stories. Do we know where they have taken him?"
"Our resources say that he was taken to one of the military bases, to be admitted into military school. When they found him they thought he was a draft evader." The same subordinate replied.
Lee was busy thinking about what to do. If the other families got word of what had happened then his family would become the laughing stock of the vampire community. Even more worrisome was if their secret was discovered then their family would also be punished.
Luckily it seemed like the news hadn't spread yet. The other vampire families were all too busy discussing the new family that had appeared.
Lee then looked at the five subordinates in front of him and was deciding who it would be best to send.
"Silver," Lee said.
"Yes sir." A female subordinate replied as she stood up. Just like her name suggested she had bright long silver hair that was tied in a ponytail that nearly went down to her knees.
"As you are the faithful Blood Knight of the Sanguinis family, I task with retrieving and returning Fex to us. Make sure nobody knows about this. You are free to use whatever resources from the family as you see fit."
Sliver then bowed down once again.
"I shall complete my task without fail." She said, with confidence in her voice.
The meeting had ended and each of them had left the room, leaving Lee with his thoughts.
"The human world huh, it has been a long time since I have ventured there. Perhaps this will be a good learning experience for him." Remembering his own time on earth, a rage inside his body started to consume him and the glass he held in his hand shattered to pieces. "It will teach him just how cruel those damn humans are to the other worlds!"

EP-141 Canceled
Slowly a strange atmosphere started to fill the room. It wasn't normal for such a thing to happen, especially so sudden like that.
"I saw some of the mechs from the city leave the shelter." A student said.
"Seriously? Why would they mobilize those things? I thought they said the highest tier of the beast on the planet was an intermediate tier."
"Didn't you hear?" Another student chimed in. "A student spotted black smoke in the distance in the desert. It seemed like it was coming from a ship."
"You don't mean—?" the student gasped.
"That's right, I heard it might have been a Dalki." The other student replied.
A headcount was made, and it was made more than once. After the counting had been completed it looked like the teachers had a worried look on their faces as they talked with each other.
Fay stood in front of all the first years, prepared to make the announcement but she was still waiting for all the information to arrive. A soldier came up to her side and whispered something into her ear, after which they did several more headcounts.
"Are you sure?" Fay replied. "Have you checked the school, perhaps they have come back?"
The soldier nodded in response.
All Fay could do was clench her fist, the report had stated that they had found both Hugo's and Ben's bodies out in the desert. They were able to confirm they had died from the Dalki, however, the other three in their group were never found.
The only thing they could assume was that the Dalki had also killed them. The five of them were part of the group so it was the most logical conclusion.
"Attention!" Fay shouted. The students immediately got in line and saluted her.
Then a holographic screen appeared behind them. It was the scoreboard with all the teams' scores.
"First things first, as you may know, the expedition has been cancelled," Fay explained. "What that means for all of you, is that the points you had obtained in the first two days before the expedition ended will be your final score for this exam."
"What?!" Erin blurted out and she wasn't the only one. Right now their group still had all the winged lizard crystals they had obtained from Berg's group. They hadn't had time to head back to the shelter to have them counted.
As Erin looked at their team's position they still had the same score as before and were placed around the middle of every other group. While Berg's group still sat at the top.
"Enough, there are more important things than the test!" Fay shouted, calming down the chatter amongst students. "Right now there is a high possibility that some of your fellow students have died on this test. And worst of all it was to the threat we have all been training against, the Dalki."
The chatter started once again and this time she slammed her weapon into the ground. It caused a loud banging noise to be heard, as its vibrations bounced from the walls and echoed around the entire hall.
"The Dalki has been swiftly dealt with, and it seems like this was not a planned attack but a stray ship. This was an unfortunate event but these things happen from time to time. But this is a reminder to you all why we need to train so hard every single day, and I hope you will remember that. You will have the next two days off to rest, after that classes will return to normal, rest up for the night. You are dismissed." Fay said, ending her speech.
Immediately after Fay had left, the noise in the hall returned to its peak. The students couldn't believe what had happened and soon started to realize which group had most likely been killed by the Dalki.
But Erin wasn't bothered about any of that. "You!" She shouted and pointed at Quinn. "Why did you hide your strength? If you had fought with us that day instead of hiding under that umbrella we would have gotten a better score."
"Wait, calm down Erin," Layla said as she tried getting in between the two.
"I'm not happy with you either Layla, you knew all this, didn't you?" Erin frowned at her before turning to Quinn, "And what's with your strange power? How did you heal Peter? He should have died! No more excuses, I want answers for everything that happened!" She screamed.
Erin looked at the scoreboard once again seeing that their position was in the middle and then looked at Quinn back again only this time her face was filled with tears. "If you were that strong then why didn't you help?" Tears streamed down her face.
Quinn knew this whole time, from Erin's actions, that this assessment was important to her, but the way she was acting now was almost obsessive. Everyone strived to be the best or come out on top but not like this. These actions weren't normal.
"I think it's best if we all head back to our room," Layla said. "We can explain everything there and I'm sure Peter has a lot of questions of his own."
***
While the first-year students were being informed of what happened the three generals were having a meeting of their own. They were on the top floor of the academy and each of them was sitting at a round table in the Head General's office. The only chair that was left empty was that of the Head General.
Nathan, the head of the first years, Duke the head of the second years and the last general Mike who was head of communications. His job was to coordinate with the other military bases and plan either joint exercises or missions together.
The three of them sat there in silence, and Nathan and Duke just couldn't help having a staring match with each other. Until Duke finally broke the silence.
"I wonder how many of your students would have died on that expedition if it wasn't for that Sergeant Leo of yours," Duke said. "I doubt you even have the strength to take on a Dalki yourself."
"Are you upset because you can't bribe him to come over to your side with one of those Earth ability books of yours?" Nathan replied. "It's a pity that your tactics of recruiting only work on those weak-minded fools."
Duke then stood up from his chair and looked like he was about to hit Nathan but at the same time, Mike stepped in front of the two. "Guys, both of you calm down, I'm telling you now if I see an injury on you when I leave this room or when I walk around the academy, I won't be healing you, and I won't let you two go to my niece Hayley either."
Although Mike tried calming the two of them down, he knew most of his words would fall on deaf ears, these two had always hated each other. But then the one person who could calm them down entered the room.
The doors swung wide open and a middle-aged man wearing a business suit came walking in. He had neatly cut hair and a suitcase in his hand. He didn't look like he was part of the army at all. But as soon as he had entered the room all three of the men bowed in salute.
"We welcome the Head General!" They all said at once.
"Calm down, this whole situation has caused enough of a headache as it is." The Head General proceeded to sit down in his seat as he brought up an initial report for all three of them to see.
"We all know these odd attacks have been happening on our Beast planets for a while. It seems like these attacks are happening more frequently, but not just that, if we take a look at the Beast solar system. Every single time an attack takes place they seem to be getting closer and closer to our starting planet."
"Do you think they're aiming for the city station?" Mike asked.
"It would make sense." The Head replied. "For now I believe these solo Dalki are just sent as Scouts. They have no clue how strong we have become in this time frame and they have no clue what security measures we have but I fear this may mean that the war will be starting again soon."
After speaking of these matters with the other Generals the Head General went on to speak about a few other things. It was rare for him to be in the school as he would often get called out for meetings, but after going through all the things that needed to be done there was one last thing he needed to mention.
"In a couple of weeks, we have a visit from Mr True Dream, which means I will need you to prepare some students for him."
The three generals gave awkward glances at each other as they heard this piece of news.
"Duke, I expect you to do well like you always have." The Head General said.
"You can count on me sir," Duke replied.

EP-142 You're a what?
At this point, the tears had stopped falling from Erin's anxious eyes, but Layla continued to comfort and reassure her along the way. Quinn didn't know when it happened, but it seemed like the two of them were now closer than ever. It was strange seeing Layla being the one helping Erin.
When he first arrived at the academy this was a scene that he'd never imagined he would see. The entire walk through the hallway going towards the boy's room, everybody kept silent, it was eerie. None of them knew exactly how to explain what had happened. Peter was especially curious about what had happened after he jumped between Quinn and the Dalki.
"Hey, Quinn," Vorden whispered as the two of them were walking in the front, leading the group. "Are you going to tell her everything? Can't you just keep it about the shadow ability, and forget about the other thing?"
"Then how would I explain what happened to Peter? How about all the blood that Layla was collecting?" Quinn replied.
"You have a good point, but what if she freaks out and starts telling everyone?" Vorden asked.
Quinn looked back at Erin who was behind him. To be honest, it seemed to him that her priorities weren't geared towards learning about Quinn or Peter but on why he had to hide his strength from her in the first place.
"Actually," Quinn said. "I'm more worried about how Peter will react to the whole thing."
Eventually, they arrived at the boys' dormitory and they were all able to enter the room in peace. The three boys promptly sat on Vorden's bed while the two girls sat on Quinn's.
"I suppose I should be the one who starts explaining first," Quinn said while standing up, he moved towards the centre of the two groups. "Recently, as you may all know, Vorden and I have entered the Red portal planet. While we were there, I discovered a strange ability book - one that allowed me to control shadows. It was a strange book because it disappeared the moment I learned the ability."
Quinn then tapped the surface of his wristwatch three times, the number suddenly changed from a one to a six, when he tapped it another three times, it changed back to one again.
"I knew it," Erin said. "But, why did you have to hide it from us? If you wanted to keep it a secret from everyone, we could have just hidden and haunted it away from others. Because of you, we probably would've lost our chance at becoming first."
At that point, Quinn took a deep breath.
"That's because I have an even bigger secret that I was hiding…"
Layla and Vorden stared at Quinn, they struggled to keep their gazes on him. They knew this must have been hard to say for him. Vorden wasn't too sure if it was the right thing to do, but he had already prepared himself for whatever would come of this. He knew that Quinn was too kind-hearted to deal with this himself. If Erin wasn't going to keep it a secret, then Vorden would be the one to do something about it.
"I'm a vampire," Quinn said, looking at Erin and Peter with a nervous look on his face.
Peter gave no reaction at all, but it wasn't because he had figured it out or anything, he just couldn't believe the words he was hearing. Still, it all started to make sense in a way, with the umbrella and Layla collecting the blood. However, he questioned himself if vampires were real, though Peter's train of thought was quickly interrupted by Erin.
"What's a vampire?" Erin asked, the innocent ignorance showing on her face.
The others then all turned their heads, now looking towards Erin.
It wasn't that rare for someone not to know what a vampire was in this modern age. A lot of entertainment products connected to vampires had lessened over the years. There weren't many films, books, or even games that had been made featuring them. However on TV, there were plenty of times when old films would be shown, and this was where most of the others got their knowledge of what a vampire was.
However, Erin had been raised without a life of entertainment. There were no fantasy books, games, or movies provided for her. All her time and education only had to do with fighting or learning about the current state of the world.
She wasn't the only one in this position since a lot of them shared her ignorance. Quinn was in a similar situation himself. He had heard the term vampires but didn't know much about them, so he had to rely on Layla to explain it to him.
With that confession, the others slowly started to explain what a vampire was to her - How they were weaker in the sunlight and most of all, they required Human blood to keep on living.  All of this news was coming as quite a shock to Erin because it sounded so fake in her mind.
"So this is what you guys came up with to try to give an excuse why Quinn didn't use his powers." She said, "Well, I'm not buying it. I don't believe that a human that needs blood to survive exists. If there were such creatures as vampires, why haven't they revealed themselves to the world already?"
Erin then went towards the door, pulling it open before saying her final words.
"You guys disappoint me. I was starting to think that we were a team, not a bunch of liars."
With that, she closed the door behind her and stormed off.
"Do you think she'll tell anyone?" Quinn asked
"Are you kidding? With a reaction like that?" Vorden replied. "She didn't even believe it herself. She'll have an easier time convincing someone that she's a boy rather than you being a vampire. Well, how did we expect her to react? 'Oh it's okay, you can have my blood any time? She's not Layla, for goodness sake."
Layla was annoyed at Vorden's remarks, but at the same time, she couldn't deny that she had the same reaction when she found out.
"I'm going to go check up on her, just to make sure she doesn't tell anyone. I'll give you an update about it tomorrow, Quinn."
Although Erin didn't seem to believe it, Peter for some reason did. He didn't know how to explain it, but ever since he had left, his body felt different. His hearing was better, and he didn't feel as weak as before. There was some sort of connection that he felt between Quinn and him.
It was as if the two of them were now connected, somehow. The last thing that convinced him was the fact that he wasn't dead. He remembered seeing the Dalki's fist go through his stomach.
"Quinn, does it mean that I'm a vampire now too?" Peter asked.
As Peter asked that question, Quinn didn't know what to reply because Peter wasn't the same as him. While Quinn was originally a halfling, Peter was something known as a ghoul.
'Just what was a vampire ghoul?' Quinn thought.
"I'm afraid it isn't good news." The system said. "Out of all the possibilities he could have turned into, this was the outcome I was hoping for the least."
The system's words didn't give Quinn great hope, and what he was about to hear lessened his optimism even further.

EP-143 Vampire Ghoul
"What's with the look on your face?" Peter said worriedly.
"Oh, it's nothing, I just think maybe we should note this down on a piece of paper or something so you remember what I tell you," Quinn replied.
He then went over to his desk and pulled out a piece of paper from his drawer. Vorden and Peter were hovering over his shoulder taking a look at what he was writing. First Quinn put his name at the top and by the side wrote down the word: Vampire.
He then listed all the strengths and weaknesses he had. Super strength, abnormal healing, and the ability to see in darkness. He also listed down the powers he had along with it.
Then underneath with a line branching off from the top he wrote down Peter's name and wrote the word ghoul.
"I'm a ghoul?" Peter said, looking at the word. "What does that mean?"
"First, do you feel any different Peter, or has anything changed like voices in your head or weird things in your vision?" Quinn was trying to see if Peter also had a system, but he needed to tiptoe around the world.
"Other than my body feeling better, there haven't been any other changes."
"What about your ability?" Vorden asked. "I remember when Quinn asked me if I wanted to turn into a vampire he said I would lose my ability.
Peter then quickly went over to his desk where he always had a small ball of earth to practise on. He held it in his hands and tried to do what he usually did, but there was nothing. "Why isn't it working? I have no ability at all!" Peter said all panicky.
"Calm down." Quinn interrupted." Don't worry about it too much, although your ability is gone you can learn a new one. We just need to find one that's compatible like my shadow book."
"You mean I can have the same ability as yours?" Peter asked.
Quinn started to laugh nervously.
"Unfortunately after learning the ability is destroyed by a beast." Vorden quickly interrupted.
"Anyway, let me try to explain everything I know," Quinn said as he grabbed the pencils and wrote a pros and cons list right next to Peter's name.
"Are you ready?" the system asked. While the system explained the difference between a vampire and a vampire ghoul Quinn would write it down on a piece of paper while explaining it out loud to the others.
"Why don't we start with the positives?" the system said. "First, unlike a vampire, a ghoul is not affected by sunlight."
Peter breathed a sigh of relief when he heard this. "I thought I might have to start carrying an umbrella around everywhere."
The system continued and so did Quinn.
"Ghouls are stronger, faster and can see better than a human. But their main strength is their incredible healing abilities, they are even more impressive than yours Quinn. Broken bones chunks of flesh will be instantly healed on the spot."
"That isn't too bad," Vorden said. "Peter, this means we can just say you have a self-healing ability, there are a few of them out there. Although we will have to keep it a secret from the school since they all think you have an earth ability."
"What if someone sees, or tries hurting me and finds out?" Peter asked.
"Don't worry, not many people know of the other students' ability other than the staff, but if push comes to shove, I can try clearing their mind with my influence skill," Quinn replied.
"Now the next bit of information is more for you Quinn." The system said. "Ghouls are most loyal to their maker, the main reason for this is because your blood resides inside their body. Unfortunately what this means is you will need to supply Peter with your blood otherwise his body will start to deteriorate and eventually will cease to exist. As long as he gets a supply of your blood then he will live on forever by your side."
"What do you mean by loyal?" Quinn asked.
"Similar to how your charm skill works, whatever you command, Peter will feel like he has no choice but to obey, although this does depend on the amount of your blood that remains inside his body. The longer he goes without a new dose of blood the less inclined he will be to follow your orders."
Right now Quinn was feeling bad for Layla and Vorden. It seems like a bloody business was taking place. While Quinn would get his blood from Layla or Vorden then Peter would need to get his blood from him, which would require Quinn to get more blood from the others.
"What about Human blood, will I need to drink that," Peter asked as he gulped. Feeling a strange new hunger in his stomach.
"No, there is no need to drink human blood," Quinn replied. "Actually, unlike me who gets stronger from human blood, it will not affect you."
Right now it seemed like they were getting a clearer picture of how a ghoul worked. It had superhuman capabilities similar to a vampire but had none of the vampire skills Quinn had at his disposal. But it did have supernatural healing that surpassed his own as well as being able to retain his strength in the sun.
Although he wasn't too strong now once Peter had an ability the others could see him becoming quite powerful. The only con so far was the fact that he needed Quinn's blood. Although Quinn decided to leave the loyalty part out of his explanation.
The two of them already felt this strange connection without having to say anything, and Quinn had a feeling that if he asked Peter to do something, he would.
But Quinn knew the system wouldn't have said this was one of the worst options if this was the only issue with being a ghoul.
"Now, time for the cons." The system said.
Hearing these words made Quinn's handshake a little, and the others could see this as he was getting ready to write down what the system was telling him.
"First off, the ability for Peter to eat regular food has completely disappeared. If he eats regular food, he will immediately throw it back up."
This didn't sound too bad. After all, Quinn himself was only in a slightly better situation. At the moment the only food he could enjoy was meat. Everything else seemed to give him quite the allergic reaction, similar to the time he had eaten the food pill. But as long it was meat, and more specifically red meat he could still enjoy the taste of it quite well.
"Then does he just have to live off my blood then?" Quinn asked the system.
"No, the blood is a rare thing and will hardly be needed. I would more often feed Peter just to keep him loyal to you but still, a Ghoul needs a food source." The system replied.
"Well just tell me already what it is?" Quinn responded annoyingly.
"A ghoul needs to feed on human flesh…" The system said, sounding softer at the end.
The pencil in Quinn's hands had dropped onto the table and rolled onto the floor.
"Quinn is something wrong," Vorden asked.
He then turned to look at Peter.
"Peter, you are not feeling hungry by any chance, are you? Quinn asked.
"I'm feeling a bit peckish, I haven't eaten since this morning after all," Peter replied honestly.
Human blood was fine, But human flesh, it wasn't like Quinn could chop off Layla's finger and feed it to Peter every day and more than anything, what would Peter think of all this.
****

EP-144 Worst case?
But when the system had said the last line he couldn't hide the shock of the words that had been spoken and now was thinking about how to break the news to Peter.
"Peter... maybe, it's best if you sit down for this," Quinn said.
"What why?" Peter looked at him, fidgeting.  "You're making me even more scared."
"Just sit down," Quinn said, but as he said these words his eyes started to glow a little. Peter didn't know why but he felt like he needed to complete the task immediately. After sitting on the bed, Quinn was trying to find the best way to put the bad news into words.
"I can see this is troublesome so let me give you a solution for now." The system said. "As a temporary measure he might be able to last a few days on raw animal meat, but sooner or later you will have to grab him human flesh."
He looked Peter in the eyes and finally found the courage to tell him.
"Being a ghoul means you can no longer eat regular food, you're going to have to eat raw meat from now on."
"Raw meat, as in uncooked food?" Peter questioned. "Won't I get sick from it though? They carry so many diseases and the human body isn't designed to process raw food." As Peter continued to speak his words got faster as he panicked even more. "Maybe you're wrong, why don't I just try eating some normal food and see how it goes?"
"For goodness sake Peter, listen to yourself!" Vorden shouted. "I know this must be a scary thing but listen. Quinn is just trying to help you here."
Just then, Vorden and Quinn decided to head to the nearby convenience store to grab some things as a test while they asked Peter to stay in the room. Once again although Peter was scared and wanted to come with them, a certain feeling was passing from Quinn and onto Peter making him feel like he had to obey.
'I guess this is what the system was talking about, I can feel a connection between the two of us.' Quin thought.
As the two of them walked to the convenience store Quinn was awfully quiet, which made Vorden suspicious that Quinn was holding something else back.
"Go on, tell me then," Vorden said. "You could have gone to the shop on your own but you wanted me to come along."
"It's about Peter…." Quinn said quietly. "I didn't tell Peter everything, being a ghoul doesn't mean he has to eat raw meat, he needs to eat raw human meat. Raw animal meat will only work for a short time."
Suddenly Vorden stopped in his tracks.
"Quinn I'm being serious when I suggest this here, but wouldn't it be better to just kill Peter… and before you say anything hear me out. He already tried taking our lives and we know the reason behind it now. But I'm afraid this will just cause you more problems in the future. He saved your life and you saved him, and if I kept a scoreboard, he still needs to save you one more time to make it even. He's not the type of guy who can handle this and if he gets caught then don't think he won't give you in."
"He won't, he can't," Quinn replied.
"How can you be so sure?" Vorden asked, a bit surprised by Quinn's sudden answer.
It was hard for Quinn to explain, but he could feel the connection between the two of them now. Essentially Peter's whole existence now depended on him and as long as Quinn asked for it Peter would do it.
"Well, I can tell you won't take my suggestion but let me tell you this then," Vorden said. "Taking a life isn't as easy as you think."
Although Quinn knew the weight behind Vorden's words, what Vorden didn't know was that Quinn had already done just that and it was easier than he had expected. Perhaps for a human, it wasn't so easy but the same couldn't be said for a vampire-like Quinn now, especially those people that deserved it.
The two continued to go to the shop and bought all sorts of packs of meat, Vorden was ready to use his wristwatch but Quinn just straight-up paid for it instead.
"When did you become so wealthy?" Vorden asked.
"I have my ways." Quinn winked back with a smile.
Finally, the two had returned to the dorm room where Peter had stayed waiting for them, he was in the same spot as when the two had left him.
"That smells nice," Peter said. "What did you bring?"
Quinn then pulled out the packs of food. Some were raw pieces of steak and pork while the others were pre-packed food that had already been cooked. Peter didn't need to see anything because his nose was already telling him which one smells better.
It was one of the first clear signs that he had changed. Immediately when they entered the room the sweet scent had filled the entire room, and it wasn't coming from the cooked meat.
"Well, do you want to try the packed pre-cooked meat first?" Quinn asked. "But I'm telling you, you're going to get sick from this."
"No it's okay," Peter said, with the sound of resignation in his voice. "Just give me the other stuff."
They placed the raw steak out on a plate and put it right in front of Peter.
"Is he going to eat it?"  Vorden said.
"I don't know, it looks pretty good to me as well," Quinn replied.
"I can't tell if you're trying to be funny or what man," Vorden said, with a disgusted look on his face.
It didn't take long for Peter to dive in. Seeing the raw steak in front of him, suddenly caused his hunger to grow more and more to the point he couldn't hold back, and without even using the knife and fork by his side he picked up the steak with his two hands and started biting into it.
His once dull teeth had turned sharp like a lion, helping him rip the meat to pieces and after only a couple of minutes, the whole steak had been devoured.
Sobbing then could be heard from his chair.
"I'm a monster." He cried.
"Peter," Vorden said. "You're less of a monster now than you were before, at least you know what you are and what you did before was wrong. How do you think Quinn feels after saving your life and you saying that right in front of him?"
Peter knew Vorden was right so he wiped his tears and stood up smiling at Quinn, as he did his teeth were all bloody from the meal. "Thank you, Quinn, I'm sorry for being so selfish."
With the experiment done and the other two feeling a bit better they placed the remainder of the raw meat in their fridge. But the only one that got a good night's sleep was Peter, the other two were lost in thought.
Vorden couldn't stop thinking about the fact that he was sleeping in a room with a cannibal, at least Quinn would only suck his blood but with Peter, he might wake up with an arm missing.
While Quinn was thinking along similar lines.
"System, do you know how long until he starts craving for human flesh, and will I still be able to control him?" Quinn asked.
"His hunger will outgrow your commands, but he will not attack you, however about a time frame I am unsure, best case scenario is a week."
"And worst case?" Quinn asked.
"Tomorrow."

EP-145 The Crystals
"Didn't get much sleep?" Quinn asked.
Vorden shook his head while looking at Peter who seemed to still be sleeping peacefully away. "At least he still looks like a human."
All of the first-year students had gotten the next two days off after the expedition.
With the next two days off Quinn knew he needed to hurry and find a solution to Peter's situation. It was a large city that not only had the people from the school but the workers and soldiers outside as well.
There was bound to be a morgue in the city. Although crimes that lead to death did not occur, like in a regular city since most of the citizens were soldiers, that didn't mean there weren't any. One thing was for sure, they didn't want to get a body from the morgue in the school they were in. It would be too obvious and another investigation would be carried out.
While Quinn was thinking about what to do a knock was heard at the door. When they opened the door they were surprised to see Layla there. She was on her own though but came to update them on the situation with Erin.
"It seems like she has calmed down a bit," Layla said. "And I'll be honest, it was strange. She wasn't upset by the fact you were a vampire even after I tried explaining it to her, but just that you could have helped us out more during the assessment. Anyway, what about him?"
Quinn then went on to explain what had happened to Peter and how he had turned into a ghoul. When Quinn mentioned this, her face immediately dropped, she had read enough books to know some of the downsides of being near a ghoul. Some of them were blood-hungry starved creatures, while others constantly craved human flesh.
And after hearing Quinn's explanation it seemed like she was right.
"You know after seeing you turn Peter, I thought you were hiding something from me, but I guess this was something you were afraid of and honestly being a vampire is cool and all, but being a ghoul not so much," Layla said.
Quinn started to think about what Layla had just said, before everything had happened, he was seriously considering turning Layla into a vampire. However, the system had stated that this outcome, someone turning into a ghoul, was one of the options.
"System, if I was to use the blood ritual on Layla would it be the same result?" Quinn asked.
"Honestly, I'm not sure, it depends on the person and the situation they were in. Perhaps Peter had turned because of how close to death he was when the ritual was formed but maybe he would have turned into one anyway considering how weak his mind was. I can't say that it won't happen, but I believe that Layla would have a higher chance of turning into something else."
For now, Quinn decided to keep the words of the System to himself. He already had enough problems to deal with, and he didn't need another one if Layla was to turn into something else even more problematic than a ghoul.
"Oh. I almost forgot." Vorden said, as he went under his bed and pulled out a small bag before throwing it over to Quinn who caught it.
Quinn opened the bag and noticed that it seemed to be full of crystals.
"Since the expedition ended early, we got to keep all of those."
"You mean these are?" Quinn asked, with a look of excitement on his face.
"Yep. The winged Lizard crystals you asked for. " Vorden replied, with a smile.
Looking in the bag there looked to be around thirty of them, Quinn couldn't imagine what the group must have done to be able to obtain this many. But now he realised why Erin was incredibly upset, with this amount of crystals, their group would have come out on top of the whole leaderboard.
Right now, though, he had enough crystals to create a costume for himself. The cape that Sam used was hard enough to block Quinn's blood swipes while also being flexible. If he could use this to create a full set of clothing then he would finally be able to fight during the day.
Although at first, he wasn't sure who he could go to for help to design a costume, suddenly someone came to mind. Logan, if there was anyone good at creating things and knowing if something was possible or not, he would be the one to go to.
Still, he couldn't just leave Peter as he was, not with the chance of him turning into a flesh-hungry monster.
Vorden could see that Quinn seemed to be struggling with something. There must have been a reason why he had told him and Layla to gather as many of those crystals as possible.
"Just go do whatever you need to do," Vorden said.  "Layla and I can deal with the problem; I have an idea anyway."
"Are you sure, what about the others, do you want me to pay you guys for these?" Quinn asked.
"Are you joking," Layla said. "Quinn if it wasn't for you back then when the Dalki attacked, we would have all lost our lives and that includes Erin. As much as she says she's angry at you she can't deny that you saved our lives. The least we could do is give you these crystals for free.
Quinn looked at them one more time and knew that if there was anyone he could rely on, it would be Vorden, and even more so with Layla helping him. "Alright, just let me know if there are any problems, I should be in the VIP area just above."
After that Quinn quickly rushed out of the room with the crystals in his hand.
"In the VIP area?" Layla said. "I wonder what he's doing there."
"Who knows?" Vorden said as he shrugged his shoulders. Just then Peter was starting to wake up and rub his eyes. "But right now, we have a bigger problem to deal with."
*****
Inside the second year building, Duke was sitting down at his desk smoking a cigar in his office. He wasn't much of a smoker but when he was under immense pressure, he found that he tended to smoke a lot more cigars than normal.
"Damn that Truedream guy is coming again!" Duke said to himself.
The door to the room then swung open as one of the sergeants with an afro on the top of his head and sunglasses came walking in. His name was Raphael and was one of the teachers for the second year students. "Sir, I have brought the list of names that you asked for."
Raphael then came forward and handed over a little stick to Duke. When placing it on the table a digital display of students had appeared.
"Let's see... It looks like we have a good mix of abilities here." Duke said. "And you've checked the background of all of these? There will be no complaints from important families if something was to go wrong, correct?"
"Yes sir."
At the top of the list of names, one of the students' pictures was being displayed. It was a picture of Peter Chuck.

EP-146 A Ghoul's power
'It could also be as soon as today.' Vorden thought to himself. 'We can't be that unlucky right?' He certainly hoped this was not the case.
Unfortunately, the tasks that Quinn had given to them were quite difficult. Not only did they need to look out for Peter's safety, but they also had to find a way to get human flesh without letting him find out about it.
"Come on Peter," Vorden said. "Let's head outside."
"Outside?" Peter asked, his tone slightly confused.
"Well, if I were you, the first thing I'd want to do was to test out my new powers. Quinn said that you are some kind of superhuman, right? Well, why don't we take a look at what you can do now?"
"I think that's a great idea," Layla said while bobbing up and down. Although she didn't like the sound of being turned into a ghoul, perhaps it also had its good sides.
The three of them grabbed a few things and got ready to go outside. Layla even took her beast equipment with her. A lot of the students carried around their beast weapons as they walked through the city, but some chose not to. Mainly because currently, they were in one of the safest places on the planet. However, since the Dalki had attacked some students during the extra-planar expedition, everyone seemed to be more on edge and always ready for battle.
Just as they were about to leave, Peter stopped by the entrance.
"Don't worry," Layla said. "Even Quinn doesn't burn under the sunlight. He just feels weak and sluggish. Besides, just in case Quinn was wrong, I brought an umbrella with me."
'What are you doing' Peter thought to himself. 'You spent your whole life as a weakling and now, just maybe, it might change.'
After convincing himself, Peter closed his eyes and stepped outside under direct sunlight. Just as Quinn had said, he didn't feel any weaker than before. He felt the same on the inside as he did outside. With this information, a smile appeared on Peter's face. At the least, he could live a somewhat normal life without having to hide in the shadows all the time.
The group walked towards the park, and once they arrived, they headed deeper into the dark woods. They followed the man-made trail that was often used for people to hike through, until they eventually left the trail, as they travelled farther away from the beaten path.
They continued to walk until they had finally found a quiet and clear area in the woods that was devoid of trees; it was also hidden from view. "This place is perfect. Besides, if anyone comes close, we will be able to hear them in time." Vorden said.
"What should we test first?" Layla asked.
"How about strength and speed?" Vorden said as he walked up to Layla, holding out his hand. "Do you mind?"
Layla looked at Vorden. These days, he seemed to be more reliable than before. She still felt that he was a bit crazy in the head, but couldn't call him an outright bad person, not without any evidence anyway.
"Fine." She held out her hand and allowed Vorden to copy her abilities.
The two of them then lifted a bunch of branches and stick's off of the ground. Because Layla's ability was quite weak, the maximum they could lift was two each, making it four.
"Just do your best to avoid the sticks as much as you can!" Vorden shouted as the two stood around five meters away from Peter.
"Looks like, not only has his speed gotten better, but his reflexes as well," Vorden said. "But… He's still Peter."
Peter nodded when he was ready, and the two of them immediately started to hover the sticks up in the air, aiming to hit Peter with them.
The sticks were light, allowing Vorden and Layla to move them quite fast. They were as fast as regular attacks, and with four of them coming from different directions, it was like two people were fighting against Peter at the same time.
For Peter it was the first time that he felt confident during practice, it was like he could see the attacks coming towards him. When he told his body to move, it followed what he wanted to do, avoiding the branches of sticks. It was amazing since whatever Peter thought in his head, his body reacted and did it, unlike when his body didn't respond to his thoughts against other people before.
Just then, Vorden timed both sticks at the same time - When one went in for the attack, if Peter was to avoid it, the other one would be right in time to strike him. Peter pulled his body back, avoiding the first stick. Then, the second one from behind came right at his face, but he still managed to catch the second stick out of the air at the last second just as he pulled his face back.
However, the tip of the stick still managed to cut his cheek, drawing the smallest amount of blood.
"Oh sorry, Peter!" Vorden yelled as the two of them rushed over. But by the time they reached him, the blood had fallen on the ground, and the cut that was once on Peter's cheek was no longer there.
"Looks like the super healing can be checked as well," Vorden said with a smile on his face. He was glad that this had happened because he was afraid that if they were to test out the super-healing ability any other way, then it would cause Peter to grow hungrier even quicker.
The next test they had for Peter was his strength. For this trial, they used a simple tree. Although Vorden was considered one of the students at the peak physical fitness for his height and age, even he wouldn't be able to damage a tree with his bare hands. That was unless he was wearing beast gear or had some type of ability to help him.
"So you want me to just punch the tree?" Peter asked, looking at it carefully. The tree was mighty, and its trunk was thicker than Peter himself. Just imagining punching the thing, he could already feel the pain in his knuckles.
"Just go for it," Layla said. "You already know that you have super healing. "
"But that doesn't mean that I don't feel any pain," Peter said.
But he was also curious to see how much stronger he had gotten. He readied himself and looked at the tree, then pulling back his fist, he swung it outward. However, at the last second, he tried pulling back his power for fear of hurting himself.
As he hit the tree, he had done so at an odd angle causing his wrist to bend on impact. He screamed out in pain. As the two went to take a look, they could see that a part of his bone had come out and pierced through his skin, but at the same time, it was healing then and there in an instant. When they looked at the tree, there was a large dent that had been made.
Not one large enough to cause the tree to fall over, but one that would be impossible for most humans by using their bare hands.
Once Peter's wrist was healed, he started to twist it around and move it - It seemed to be working just like normal.
"Well, we know you have abnormal strength that's for sure, but I think there's a clear difference between you and Quinn," Layla said.
"What do you mean?" Peter asked, still rolling his wrist around, making sure everything worked okay.
"Well, let's say if Quinn was to do the same thing, even if he didn't punch the tree dead on, his wrist probably would have been fine. I think that's because his body is stronger than that of a regular human." Layla explained. "While yours, although you have super strength, your body is still just like ours, made of regular bones and flesh. If you attack at full power, you will probably end up hurting yourself, breaking a bone just like what you did back then. Heck even humans break their bones when they fight, so for you with your extra strength it's a little worse. You're going to have to learn to control it."
As soon as Layla had finished explaining, the wristwatch on Peter's arm lit up. When he looked at it, he could see a voice message that had been left.
"This is General Duke. Peter Chuck, you are required to come to my office in the second year building immediately. I have some important things to discuss with you."
As soon as Vorden heard the message, there was no longer any need for him to ask Peter who was behind everything. He had already figured it out. Why else would the head of the second year have anything to do with a first-year?
The only problem now was, how could he go up against a general of a military base.

EP-147 Bite me or love me
If you broke the rules enough times, then you would be led to an underground dungeon. The school couldn't just kick you out. Those who went in rarely came back out, and the ones who did come back came as different people.
There was also a rumour that had been going around that the students who were sent into the dungeon came back without any abilities at all.
Because of this, even Vorden was worried about going up against a general of the school. Perhaps he could use his family's power to influence the military's decision about Duke, but that would require evidence and a lot more than a single testimony from Peter.
So the group had no choice but to follow Duke's command.
"What should I do?" Peter asked as he walked back to the military base with the other two.
"We'll follow along as far as we can go, but if they see you with us then they'll think you're no longer on their side. Just agree to whatever they ask of you for now and we can figure it out later," Vorden said.
Just then, as they were about to exit the forest, Vorden suggested that Peter walk up ahead while they followed him from behind. They needed to be extra careful just in case, but before Peter left the forest Vorden had a few words to say.
"Peter, I'm taking my chances with you this time. I don't know why but Quinn seems to completely trust you, and while I have forgiven you, it doesn't mean I trust you. Not yet, or maybe ever."
Layla nudged Vorden in the ribs. "Give the guy a break will you?" She whispered, "He went through a near-death experience, and now he's just been told that he's a ghoul. You don't have to say out loud what he already knows." She gave Peter an encouraging smile.
However, Vorden was dead serious; he still saw Peter as a liability and if it wasn't for Quinn, he would have gotten rid of him by now.
They had finally arrived at the second year building which was stationed on the east side of the school. From this point on, Vorden and Layla could no longer follow as second-year students were standing just outside, and they didn't have a good reason.
Still, Peter managed to walk straight past the two second-year students, as they had been expecting him, but Vorden and Layla knew they couldn't because they would be stopped.
Peter entered the building and walked into Duke's office.
"Please, come and sit down, Peter," Duke said as he closed the door behind him before sitting back in his seat.
"It seems the two of us haven't been able to talk since the last task I had set for you." Duke then went under his desk and pulled out several books and placed them on the table. There were three earth ability books numbered from two, up to four.
"Although things didn't go quite according to plan, you still held up your end of the bargain, and I don't want to seem like a person who doesn't keep his promises," he said smiling.
If Peter didn't notice it before, he could notice it now, there was something sinister about Duke's smile.
'Just why was he trying so hard to get rid of Vorden in the first place?' Peter thought. Isn't everyone on the same side, to fight against the Dalki? But Peter remembered Vorden's words and grabbed the books.
"Thank you, sir, is there anything else you would like me to do?" Peter asked.
"We have a visitor next week and I'm going to need you to learn the earth ability up to level four. It's why I also gave you books two and three. It should be easier for you to learn the abilities quickly if you do them step by step. In a couple of weeks, come back and report to me. You are dismissed."
Peter then bowed down to the general before leaving the room.
'Looks like I've been able to convert another one. In the end, everyone wants to be at the top,' The Duke thought.
As Peter left the room, he spotted Earl waiting just outside to be called in. "What are you looking at you dog!" He snapped back. Earl still hadn't recovered from what Vorden had done to him before the outing, and because he was weaker than Vorden, he couldn't take it out on him. So he decided to take it out on Peter instead.
Hearing those words and seeing Earl again, sudden images started to appear in his head, unpleasant images, very unpleasant.
"Hey, I know. Why don't you wait for me out back after this? I and the boys have a little surprise for you," Earl said.
"Whatever you say, Earl," Peter replied, secretly smiling on the inside.
As Peter walked down the hallway and towards the back exit of the school he couldn't suppress the smile that suddenly appeared on his face. "I'll be waiting for you alright."
*****
While the others were busy doing their own thing, Erin had eventually calmed down from it all. She thought back and had to admit that even if Quinn had hidden his powers in the end, he had saved their lives from the Dalki, she couldn't stay upset about not coming first.
When she thought back to the image of the Dalki, her body started to shiver uncontrollably.
'Calm down Erin, deep breaths.' She thought to herself.
She had regained her composure, but now she started to think about Quinn a bit more. Just what was a vampire?
Even though Layla had tried her best to explain it, it wasn't something she could comprehend. It didn't sound like an ability, but more like an entirely different species altogether. But the strangest thing of it all was what species could survive only on the blood of humans?
'Maybe I can think of them as humanoid mosquitoes. Yeah, that sounds right. They're humanoid mosquitoes.' Erin thought to convince herself.
If there were no humans how would vampires survive and what would happen to Quinn if he didn't get any blood? While she was fine with keeping Quinn's identity a secret, she was nervous about covering her own back and curious to see just how dangerous this "vampire" thing was.
Eventually, that led her to the library. At first, Erin went down the nonfiction aisle to see if there was anything she could find, but there was nothing. There were no vampires and there didn't seem to be anything close to describing them in the first place.
If it wasn't in any of the official records, it was slowly starting to make sense to her why everyone wanted her to keep it a secret.
This left her with no choice but to head to the fiction section and nearly instantly, she found several novels about vampires. But just from looking at the covers, she found it hard to tell what vampires were.
"Vampire: The Last Blood"
"Bite Me or Love Me"
"Thicker Than Blood"
Some of the covers even seemed to have men in suggestive poses, while other books deemed Vampires as vicious killers. But the one thing they all had in common was the theme around blood. Erin decided to just pick up one of the books at random.
She picked up the book titled, 'Bite Me or Love Me'
She stood there in the aisle and started reading it, but before she knew it, she couldn't put the book down. "My word, what are they doing?" Just from reading the novel, her face started to go red.
"So, you're interested in vampires, huh?" A boy's voice said, coming from her left side.
As she turned her head to see who it was, she could see a student, one she hadn't come across before, or maybe she had. Erin had a bad habit of only remembering people she cared about. But when looking at this boy she had a feeling if she had seen him she would have remembered him, as something was pulling her towards him.
"I didn't expect to see a beautiful girl like you here," The boy said as he swept back his black hair. "The name's Fex. Nice to meet you."
****

EP-148 A problem
"Do you think something might have happened to him?" Layla asked, looking at the two-second years that stood directly outside the building like they were guarding dogs.
"I'm not sure. He doesn't look like the type that's good at lying," Vorden replied to her question. "Then again, he did fool me and Quinn before, without us having a clue."
"Would you stop being so salty about that? It's getting annoying," Layla said, getting sick of the fact that Vorden seemed to be putting Peter down whenever they talked about him. "Right now, all of us are trying to help each other. That's how it should be. That's how this world should have been in the first place before the introduction of powers came and changed everything."
Vorden could tell that there seemed to be some sort of pain behind Layla's words. Then again, it was normal for people, who were of the lower class, to be unhappy with the current system. Before the war with the Dalki, everyone had a voice in some way. They had a right to vote and they had the chance to change things.
But after the war that all changed. Now, if you were of a lower class, the people in power don't care about what you think.
"It's not the powers themselves that are at fault," Vorden replied. "It's the people at the top who made the current system, who is at fault."
Eventually, the two of them felt they had waited for far too long. They concluded that it wasn't likely that Peter was going to come out anytime soon, they had a feeling something might have happened. With that in mind, the two of them decided to stop waiting out front and started to head around the back. There was no entrance to get into the school from the back since the second-year building was up against the school walls which surrounded the entire military camp.
But perhaps, they could find some other entrance, either by climbing some walls or through some other means.
The two of them needed to be careful that they weren't seen while they were sneaking around, so the two of them would be using Layla's abilities to make sure of that. When they got around to the backside of the building, they could see another student standing guard there. Using Layla's powers, they both lifted a couple of stones and threw them to distract the student.
"Are you ready?" Layla asked with a smile on her face. When she realised what kind of face she was making, she quickly stopped. She couldn't believe she was having fun sneaking around and causing trouble. And with Vorden of all people.
"As I thought, you do look a little cute when you are smiling," Vorden said in response.
*****
Peter was patiently waiting outside the place where he had suggested. While waiting, Peter started to look around the place. Since there were no exits, there weren't many students moving about back there. There was also a plain wall, but it was nearly impossible for someone to scale unless they had some type of ability.
As Peter continued to look at the wall, he was wondering if he, in his current state, could do such a thing. But just as he was in the middle of this thought, he heard a voice from behind.
"Hey! Hey, Peter! It's been a while, hasn't it?" Earl said as he walked closer before adding: "You know, lately, Duke has been blaming me for all of the failed attempts against Vorden, so I haven't been getting any rewards, how are you going to solve that for me?"
While walking closer to Peter, Earl looked at what was in Peter's hands, which were the level 2, 3 and 4 earth ability books. Although Earl was already a level four earth user and had no need for the books himself, he could always sell them on the market to earn some money.
"Hand them over, you piece of crap," Earl said as he slapped Peter across the face, leaving a red mark.
The truth was, Earl, didn't care about the books. And if he asked for them, then Peter was likely to give them to him. All he wanted to do was vent out his pent-up frustrations on someone, and Peter was the perfect target.
Just a few moments ago, Duke did not give him any reward for his efforts, unlike what he had promised. 'Did he fail his task?' Earl pondered. Not at all. He managed to convince Peter to push his friend, just like they had asked.
With that in mind, why wasn't he being rewarded for it? On top of that, after everything he had gone through, he had been beaten up by Erin. Soon after that, his friends had abandoned him, saying they no longer wanted to help him.
To them, it was too dangerous and they didn't want to get hurt by Erin as well. Then, later on, he was further punished by Vorden. He still couldn't sleep right after what Vorden had done to him.
Peter looked at the mark on his face. Usually, in a situation like this, his hands would be shaking. In the past, he had been so mentally broken that even Earl raising his hands would make him flinch…but not today. Something felt different.
After the scenes of Earl's neck being ripped out had appeared in his head, strange thoughts started to appear in his mind. 'What if I could make that a reality?' Peter thought.
Earl then proceeded to kick Peter in the stomach before grabbing him by the collar and throwing him onto the ground.
Peter was now in a space between two buildings, namely the second-year building and one of the storage rooms. It was a place that was quite dark, and unless someone purposely went around the back to find them, no one would find out.
"Well then. Isn't this a quiet little place for the two of us to carry on our usual business?" Earl asked with a smile.
Peter then stood up and responded with a smile, "Indeed, it is."
*****
After distracting the students who were standing by the side of the building, using the floating stones, they were able to gradually make their way towards the back of the second-year building without being seen.
When they arrived they didn't see anything. It was empty, nothing was there, even the set of windows they saw was too high for them to climb up to.
"Come on. Let's keep looking," Layla said. "There must be some way to get into the school."
They looked around, but unfortunately, they didn't find anything…until Vorden spotted a little alleyway just between the second-year building and the storage room. "Maybe there's a pipe or something we can use to climb up to the windows."
"You have been watching way too many martial arts movies," Layla said.
Still, they decided to check it out now that they were here anyway. They had already come this far, and the least they could do is try everything before giving up. As they made their way to the space between the two buildings, they started to hear strange sounds. Certain cracking and gobbling noises were made as if some type of wild dog was wolfing down its meal.
Finally, they turned the corner, only to see Peter there. However, he wasn't alone. His hands and mouth were covered in blood while a dead body wearing a student's uniform laid in front of him.
The student's body had parts of its limbs torn off, also some bones with little bits of flesh still attached could be seen, and they looked as if someone had hungrily ripped the meat right off the bone.
"Peter?" Layla said. "What have you done?"

EP-149 Strange Device
Quinn planned to use the winged lizard crystals to create some type of costume or suit that would cover his entire body. He needed a flexible material so it could wrap around him but he also needed it to be strong enough to survive in a fight.
It was easy enough for him to find a black suit that covered his entire body that would help him avoid the sunlight. The problem was the second Quinn would be hit and the suit ripped then he would be weakened by the sun again.
That's why, when he learnt of Sam's cape through the VR game he had come up with an idea. Now that he had the materials the only problem left was to craft a costume out of them.
Most blacksmiths and tailors had a blueprint they would follow. These blueprints specified the techniques used and which materials needed to be mixed when creating weapons and armour. But because Quinn was asking for something that hadn't been made before, he would have to ask someone at the expert designer level to custom make one for him.
This would be very costly and even if he sold all the crystals and used up the ones in his hand he wouldn't have enough to pay the cost. This led him to Logan. He saw how many crazy things Logan seemed to create for himself in his room. He thought perhaps he might have an idea or, if not, he might be able to introduce him to someone who could do it at a lower price.
At first, Quinn knocked on the door but there seemed to be no answer. It was strange because for the week that Quinn trained using Logan's machine. He hadn't seen him leave the room once.
When trying to push the door open he was surprised to see that it wasn't locked nor shut properly. "Hello?" Quinn asked as he crept into the room.
Just at the other end of the room, he could see Logan in his chair. He had some sort of metallic tool glove in his right hand while a giant pair of goggles seemed to be hovering over his eyes.
'Oh, he was just busy as usual.' Quinn thought to himself
Quinn then started to look around the room at all the gadgets around him. He knew when Logan was in his concentration mode no matter what you did you wouldn't get his attention. So the best thing to do was just to wait until he was done.
While walking around the room Quinn continued to look at all the storage devices and whenever he found something interesting he could use his inspection skill.
What he noticed was, some of the devices in the system didn't seem to have any clue what it was. While for other items it would give basic descriptions, such as what materials the item was made from.
For the others, it would simply show a line of: ?????
These were items that Logan had uniquely created and didn't exist in the world. But there was one thing they all had in common and that was the name of the creator, Logan Dyson.
But as Quinn was looking around he spotted a strange circular object on one of the shelves. It stood out compared to the rest because most of the things in the room seemed to be covered in dust but not this one.
It was a square-shaped device no bigger than a laptop and on the top, it seemed to have some type of digital display.
[Inspect]
[A return portal device, when the correct access code has been entered it will return you to the destination that has been pre-set]
[Creator Richard Eno]
Quinn moved in to take a closer look. It seemed to be the only item that wasn't made by Logan and on top of that, it was a teleporter. But it was one that he had never seen before. The portal teleporters they currently carried were quite large devices but this one was small and compact as if the technology was ahead of their current time.
Quinn reached out to grab it, but just then a voice from behind spoke to him.
"Hey, if you want to get your fingers blown off, then please, be my guest, carry on and touch it," Logan said sarcastically, his seat was turned around and he was staring at Quinn. "Then again I would love to see whose ability is stronger, mine or yours." He continued.
"Sorry about that," Quinn said as he pulled back his hand. "It looks kind of interesting. What is it exactly?"
When Quinn finished talking, the robotic gauntlet that was on one of Logan's hands started to break down. It appeared to break into smaller parts until they looked like little bugs. Then the bugs went over to where Quinn was, they grabbed the case and brought it over to Logan.
"This thing has been the bane of me and my family's life," Logan said looking around it. "As you know my family are originals who hid their abilities from the world. Before the war started they were researchers who worked privately for different corporations. Sometimes even governments, different armies and all sorts of companies. Anyway, on one of their trips around fifty years ago, they discovered this device. At the time no one knew what it was and it seemed like our ability didn't work on it either.
Of course, my family tried to research it and eventually when we discovered the Dalki technology we found similarities between this and the Dalki technology. It appears to be some type of teleporter. But the question is, why would Dalki technology exist on earth before they even arrived. Then that just brings us even more questions, why did the Dalki attack us? Were they here before? But did we just never know about it?"
Hearing all of these questions were causing Quinn to think about it. Perhaps Logan was on to something before he would have taken everything the government had told him as fact. He knew they hid things, governments always did, but just like his vampire system were they hiding even bigger secrets from the public?
"Anyway." Logan said." It's not like I'm expecting you to know any of these answers. The one thing we do know is whoever was able to create a compact teleporter such as this is a genius. Oh, how I wish I could meet him one day."
"Wait, what did you say?" Quinn replied. "Did you say you don't know who created it?"
"Of course, I don't. If I did, my family and I would have been chasing him for generations."
This made Quinn sink even deeper in thought. Richard Eno was a well-known scientist, the person who had discovered not only the power of beast crystals but also how the Dalki portals worked. Could he have known everything all along?
Right now though this was too big of a problem to solve especially for someone like him. He was just one person in this whole thing and he had his problems to deal with.
"Anyway," Logan said. "What did you visit me here for, did you want to play the game again?"
"Actually," Quinn said. "I was wondering if you could help make me a suit."

EP-150 Special Mask
At first, Logan had some good news for Quinn.
"Well, it seems you've come to the right person," said Logan. "I can design you one myself."
"Really?" Quinn asked, surprised.
"Of course, it will be easier than making some of my other contraptions, since most of them are powered by beast crystals anyway. I know my way around them. The fusion process I am using is also one of a kind." He said smiling.
Logan was proud of his work, and Quinn could see this. Whenever he used to come by for his training, he would often praise his inventions, even if some of them seemed pointless or a bit out there. Because of this, Logan started to have more than just a professional interest in Quinn but also started to like him more as a friend.
However, like with everything, there was also a slight problem.
"What about breathing and seeing?" Logan asked. "If you're going to be covered from head to toe, you won't be able to breathe. Judging from the cape you described, the material won't be breathable, and if you cover the eyes you won't be able to see anything either. I can place a sensory display in front of your eyes. It will work like the VR game and allow you to see outside, but that doesn't solve the problem that you won't be able to breathe"
Quinn then started to look around the room while trying to come up with an idea. It looked like creating this suit wasn't going to be as easy as he thought. He proceeded to spot a small figurine, with a type of gas mask on it, in the corner of the room. It reminded him of the mask he first used when he went out hunting.
"Could we create something like this? Maybe if we put some tubes, sticking out from the side or something, I can still breathe."
"Yeah, that could work, but you definitely won't get any points in the fashion department," Logan replied.
"Oh and one more thing. If we could make the mask open and close that would be great, you know, just in case I wanted to grab myself a quick snack while on the move," Quinn said smiling.
The two of them then sat down together. The crystals were placed in a seemingly special container while they were going through some type of melting process. Out of the 39 crystals obtained, Logan had said they would only need thirty, leaving the rest for Quinn.
Quinn had offered to pay for the process, or even give the remaining crystals to Logan, but he kept refusing. Stating that he could earn in a minute the amount of money used to create such a thing, so there was no loss on his side.
On top of Logan's desk, a large metal sheet was placed. Logan then placed his hand on the sheet and closed his eyes. Just like with the Gauntlet before, the metal started to break down and move. Eventually turning into little metal bugs again.
The metal bugs started to form a human figure until it moulded something that vaguely resembled Quinn. The two of them continued to go through the design process, altering what the metal model looked like.
Each time Quinn would give a suggestion, the robots would move in place. There was not much that could be done with the suit. It had to be black in colour and skin-fit tight. However, the mask could be altered greatly.
When using the outfit and mask, Quinn wanted to strike fear into his opponent's hearts - He wanted something quite scary looking. They went through several designs until it was finally done.
Soon after, Logan went straight to work. The beast crystals that were in the container had been liquefied, and now Logan had once again put on his tool glove. He went over to his workbench and started working straight away.
Listening to every detail and simultaneously thinking so much was starting to make Quinn tired. He eventually drifted off at the desk, until finally, he fell asleep.
After a while, Logan nudged the young man to wake up.
"Hey, wake up sleepyhead," Logan said. "It's done."
As Quinn opened up his eyes, he was greeted with a metallic life-size model of him. It was of the same height and the same body proportions as him. Although, it had none of his facial features.
But the big difference between the creation and him was the fact that it was wearing both the outfit and the mask they had designed together.
"It's amazing," Quinn said as he walked over to it and started to stroke the model.
The black suit was skin tight but had a scaled pattern like that of a snake throughout its entire surface. However, there were a few design touches added to it from Logan that Quinn hadn't asked for.
"Do you like the additions that I made?" Logan asked.
On the forearms going up to the shoulder, three red claw-like marks could be seen on both sides. Although it looked nice, Quinn was hoping for the suit to be all black. If he was to also use this at night, he probably would've been seen.
Nevertheless, when he looked at Logan's bags and his tired face, he found it hard to say no.
"It's great," Quinn replied.
Still, what looked the best out of all to Quinn was the mask - It was made out of a metallic material that went over the black suit. It covered the mouth to the top of the nose. On the outside, by the cheeks, two squares could be seen that stuck out slightly. Over the mouth, a pattern of teeth could be seen protruding.
The teeth were moulded outwards to look more realistic, like that of a beast. It wasn't painted on the outside and when opened, it would look like a large beast was about to hold you in its jaws.
"Now, I do have to warn you. Although expensive metals were used when making this, there is a limit to how much it can endure." Logan explained. "They were only basic tier crystals after all. It will fare well against intermediate weapons, but anything stronger than that and it will tear apart."
Quinn made sure to make a note of that since it would be the same while facing beasts. If he was fighting during the day he would be sure to pick and choose his opponents.
Although suddenly, Quinn's body started to feel a strange sensation. It was a similar feeling to when he consumed blood, only a tad different. His eyes started to glow once again, a strange power was surging through his body.
'What the hell is happening?' Quinn thought.
"Hey, are you okay?" Logan said. "Do you need me to go get a doctor or something?"
As Logan stood in front of Quinn, he could see the colour in his eyes change, and even Logan stepped back a bit. At the same time, little metallic bugs started to come over and built a metallic suit of their own over his body.
Eventually, the bugs had completely formed a metallic suit that looked like that of a small mech suite, only without all the clunky parts and more in line with the shape of a human. These were all precautions that Logan took, just in case Quinn was to go out of control.
But then, the feeling died down and his eyes returned to normal, but a message had appeared.
[A family member has grown stronger]
"What is this?" Quinn said. "Does this have anything to do with Peter?"
Then a dreadful thought hit his head.
****

EP-151 Another one
'How could they describe such intimate scenes in such a strange way? Although, the boy in front of me seemed to have some idea of what the book was. Could it be that the boy was interested in the same type of things?' She thought.
Quickly hoping to avoid further embarrassment, Erin put the book back where it was placed and started to walk over towards the boy.
As Fex saw her walking towards him, he started to lick his lips. 'What a tasty looking person,' Fex thought. 'Looks like most of the human minds in this school are pretty weak.'
Erin continued to walk forward with her head down, and when she was finally close enough, she halted her steps.
Fex started to smile.
"Now, why don't you lift your head, so I can take another look at your pretty face?"
Erin lifted her head, but dashed forward in an instant, a type of ice sword was forming in her right hand. Using her forearm, she pushed Fex up against the wall right by his neck. The area started to freeze and now an ice sword was pointed right at his throat.
"If you tell anyone about what you saw today, you're dead, you hear me?"
"What's with this girl, how can you just attack someone like that?" Fex cried.
Erin proceeded to slowly freeze both of his hands to the wall as well as made sure that he couldn't retaliate.
Gradually, the ice from Erin's forearm was starting to spread and was freezing Fex's neck as well.
"Look, I don't want to cause any trouble." He said.
Erin looked at him carefully, noticing all the features that he had. "Good, I will remember you, and if anyone finds out about what you saw today, I'll be coming back for you," Erin said as she took away the ice sword. She then started her exit, leaving Fex in this sticky situation, frozen to the wall with the ice still confining his body.
"Wait!" He shouted, "Aren't you going to let me go?"
Erin continued to walk off towards the centre of the library. Without turning back, she said, "It's just a little reminder of what can happen if you don't listen."
Eventually, Erin had left the library. The other people who were nearby going to look at the commotion down the aisle, wondering what was going on. However, all they could see was a single man stuck up against the wall.
A few laughed and giggled as it wasn't the first time they had seen something like this. After all, few of the braver boys among the first-year students had tried to confess their "love" to Erin.
But she hated it when people would waste her time. They would always ask to meet in a quiet or a secret place, and Erin would always think that it was of a matter of importance to her, yet it was the same every time. They would confess their "love" for Erin and ask her out on a date, the usual reply she would give was to stick those ‘love’ interests to the wall and move on before she could make them. 
She would often leave them there frozen in place while waiting for the ice to melt. She did this as a warning for other suitors in the future. Slowly, people started to get the message and stopped approaching her, so it had been a while since the other students had seen such a thing.
After having a giggle, most of the students continued with what they were doing, going back to reading books or chatting away in the library.
While no one was looking, Fex used his strength to break free both of his arms from the ice. He then used his hands to crack the ice that was around his neck as well.
"Looks like someone was able to resist my charm already?" Fex said. "Well, now that just makes me want to go after her more. I will remember you ice girl. Perhaps this place won't be so bad after all.
*****
Fex's original plan was to travel and explore the human world. To experience all the things his grandfather had told him, but his plans were quickly stopped once he was caught. When he woke up, he was in front of General Nathan.
They had explained to him what had happened and why he was brought there - How he had become a suspect of draft evasion. However, Nathan did say that as long as he contacted his guardians, informed them, and showed proof of his age, they would set him free.
But this was not an option for Fex. He was a lot more scared of his father and the others than he was of the humans. If he was to be found right now, he couldn't imagine the horrible things that his father would do to him. Besides, this was his only chance to experience what life was like, as a human.
When Fex thought all things were going well, Nathan had asked a question that was difficult for him to answer.
"Well, since you claim to no longer have any parents or such, there is just one thing I need you to do. Fill out this form for me, and we will get you starting your lessons as soon as possible." Nathan said.
A digital display then appeared in front of Fex's face with a little digital keyboard. It asked for basic details such as name and date of birth. For both of these things, Fex didn't use his real information, but then, there was one more question that was asked that caused him to pause.
It asked him what type of ability he had. For this question, he had a plan.
After checking over the details and seeing Fex's ability, no more work needed to be done. A wristwatch was given to Fex before leaving. The display on the device was showing the number 1.
After seeing this, Nathan no longer had any interest in him. He would leave the scouting job to Duke, to entice him with higher-level ability books. The whole method Duke used didn't sit well with Nathan, but he knew the base had a quota to hit.
Not knowing what to do, and knowing nearly no one at the base, Fex decided to head to the library to update himself on current events. Although, after entering the library, he soon got distracted, he was wondering what the people of Earth had thought about vampires. He wondered if they even had any new information on them.
This led him to his first real encounter with another student, Erin, the rest of the story was what got him frozen to a wall.
After looking at a few books about Vampires, he quickly realized that most of them were just a bunch of nonsense. They hadn't learnt much about how vampires operated, which meant Fex had to be even more careful not to reveal their secrets.
As Fex was leaving the library, he had no idea what to do, so he decided that he would just go to his dorm room. While walking down the hallway towards the staircase, a student ran past him. As this student passed him, he caught a whiff of scent with his nose and a familiar smell registered in his mind.
It took him a while to figure out what this smell was, but when he recognized it, he realized it was very familiar to him, it was the smell of another vampire. However, he had realized this too late, when he turned his head, the student who had run past was already gone.
"Now this is interesting, I wonder what family he belongs to. What on earth is he doing at this base?" Fex thought

EP-152 Fake Peter
Seeing the atrocious sight, Layla could no longer stomach it. She turned her head away and felt like she was about to throw up, but before she did Vorden grabbed her, turning her back around and looking her in the eye.
"Don't throw up, keep it in. we can't leave anything behind. It would leave clues for them to find out we were here." As Vorden said these words there was a look on his face, it almost looked like panic.
Seeing the near panic on Vorden's face. Layla closed her eyes and started to imagine. 'Think of your happy place, Layla. Just think of your happy places.'
The uneasiness in her stomach started to settle and when she opened her eyes once again she could see Vorden was now heading over towards Peter. But when the sight of the ripped up body came into view once again, the feeling in her stomach returned.
"I think I'm just going to step out of the alley for a bit and keep watch," Layla said as she quickly rushed out.
Layla seemed to be experiencing more and more gruesome things lately. When she saw that head the Dalki threw at them, she didn't have time to take it in before the fear of being killed herself took over.
But this was different; she was able to fully take in the sight of Peter eating another person in front of her. Seeing what Peter was doing, suddenly she started to get second ideas about Quinn turning her into a vampire. Was it something she could handle? The books made it seem so much easier.
"Peter!" Vorden said in an aggressive but quiet voice, "Peter!"
Suddenly, Peter seemed to snap out of whatever daze he was in. He looked at the body on the floor and in his hand was a piece of reddish-pink flesh. He had no idea which part of the body it had come from. He immediately dropped what was in his hand and started to scurry away into the alley.
"Was this me?" Peter said as he thought back to what had happened just moments ago.
****
When Earl had called out to him and kicked him down the alley a type of rage had consumed him.
As Peter stood there looking at Earl's face all the memories of what had been done to him started to surface once again. Everything that happened to him was just because he was weak. Well, Peter wasn't weak anymore.
Earl readied his arm and went in for another slap to the face.
Peter grabbed it mid-air and using all his strength crushed Earl's fingers. As Earl yelled in pain the image Peter had earlier came true, making his hand into a claw-like shape and using all the supernatural strength he had, he clawed towards Earl's neck ripping out the jugular in one go.
Then soon after, Earl became a tasty snack for Peter.
Peter would have liked to say his mind was out of it, he didn't know what he was doing, but he knew that was all a lie. Peter knew exactly what he was doing.
The second Earl had hit him he knew what he had planned to do. For once he could get his sweet revenge, all the people that betrayed him, he would get rid of. They weren't needed in human society anyway.
The only thing Peter didn't plan for was what happened after. When seeing Earl's body on the floor, his eyes seemed to be attracted to something. It wasn't the blood but what lay beneath it. The pink line of muscle fibre and fatty cells.
Before he knew it he was digging in.
****
Right now, in front of Vorden, Peter needed to keep up his act, as a weak-minded boy. He was too worried about what the others would think of him if they found out he knew exactly what he had just done.
"I….I… Just killed someone." Peter said.
"Cut the crap," Vorden said." Now is not the time to act like this, how long has he been dead for?"
"What do you mean?" Peter replied.
"I said how long, it's important Peter. Five minutes, ten minutes?" The panic in Vorden's voice seemed to be getting urgent.
"I don't know, maybe ten minutes I would say," Peter answered.
Vorden then rushed over to the body, if you could still call it that, as it was now complete ripped up into little pieces. It was hard to recognise what was what, apart from the main body parts, but then Vorden found what he was looking for. The wristwatch. Using his powers he lifted the watch into the air before throwing it in a random direction as far as he could.
Wasting no time he then grabbed Peter by the arm and dragged him out of the alley. "We have to get out of here now." He said with urgency in his voice.
As the two were running they quickly saw Layla and she too could see Peter with blood all over his uniform. "What's happening?" Layla asked.
"We have to go, now!" Vorden shouted.
She didn't ask any more questions and the three of them quickly ran away from the second year building. Once they were out of there, they quickly headed towards the park where they were before, but they weren't rushing this time.
Vorden stayed in front going out from time to time while asking the other two to stay back. When the area was clear they would walk again until they finally returned to the open spot in the forest where they were practising a while ago.
"Take off your clothes now," Vorden said.
"What, but then everyone will see me naked," Peter replied.
Vorden then walked over to Peter and started ripping the clothes off him, by now he had lost his patience with Peter. He knew something like this would happen sooner or later.
"Get off!" Peter said. "I can do it myself." Using both of his hands he shoved Vorden with quite some strength but Vorden stayed on his feet.
Taking a step back Vorden then allowed Peter to take off his clothes.
"What was the big rush back there, we just left the body in the alleyway, won't the school find out that a student died?" Layla asked.
"We had no choice," Vorden replied. "Maybe if we had gotten there a little earlier we could have done something, taken the body with us. But once the watch is taken off or detects no sign of life it pings a message to the school.
"Fortunately for us, the watch waits a full five minutes before sending this type of thing, that's why I was in a rush. If we were seen there's nothing we could have done. At least now we won't be caught."
"But what about the body, won't they search for whoever did this?"
Just as Layla said this, the sound of leaves ruffling on the floor could be heard as another person entered this part of the forest. It was a student holding an umbrella in his hand.
"What body are you guys talking about?" Quinn asked.

EP-153 No evidence
The strange sensation and connection between him and Peter. It was a similar feeling to when he consumed blood but it wasn't him getting stronger it was Peter.
"I'm sorry, Logan. Thanks for all your help, but I don't have time to talk now, I have to go!" Quinn shouted. He went up to the mannequin that contained the mask and the suit and immediately put them into his dimensional void, just like with his other beast equipment, they had been registered with his shadow equipment, so he was able to put the costume on and off whenever he wanted.
Just as Quinn was about to leave through the door, he turned and looked at the workbench. On top, there were several different mask designs all a little different from each other. They were the different designs he and Logan had come up with until they felt like one of them was best.
"Hey, Logan, if it's not too much trouble, do you think you could complete the other mask designs for me?"
Logan chuckled to himself. "Are you kidding me? I could finish them all by the end of today if I wanted to."
Quinn smiled back and looked at the bags under his eyes he could tell that Logan had worked hard on the costume and hadn't even rested since finishing it. "Logan, I promise I'll pay you back for this one day. As soon as I find out anything about this situation, I'll let you know."
With that, Quinn ran down the hallway and the staircase rushing over to where Peter was. Although he had no clue where Layla and Vorden had taken him. It felt like the system or a part inside him was telling him where Peter was. If he went in the right direction the connection grew stronger. If he headed in the wrong direction it felt weaker.
It was similar to playing a game of hot and cold.
Without slowing down, Quinn ran down the stairs and out the hallway ignoring everyone he went past. But for the first time, a strange scent entered his nose. It was unusual for Quinn as he had never smelt this before.
Ever since he had turned into a vampire all of his senses seemed to improve apart from his taste but he could also say it was just heightened in other areas. Still, this smell was completely different to everyone else around him and he didn't know why.
If he wasn't in such a rush and panic he would have turned around to see who was giving off such a strange smell.
Before leaving the school he grabbed a random umbrella at the entrance. Often people would forget their umbrellas after a day of rain leaving them out to dry, this made things a lot easier for Quinn.
Once he had left the academy, he continued to listen to his body following the connection which eventually led him to the park and finally inside the forest.
As he arrived he managed to hear the last few words that Layla had said. However, there wasn't much to ask, judging by the system's message Quinn could guess what had happened already. Seeing the bloody clothes in Vorden's hands and the marks of dried blood on Peter's hands and mouth his suspicion was confirmed.
Peter had eaten human flesh and most likely killed someone in the process. While Quinn wanted to blame Peter for the actions he really couldn't. Quinn was the one who turned him into this creature, and he knew exactly what it was like.
When Quinn had turned into a vampire, he too was unable to control his blood lust and ended up biting Layla in the process. It was just unfortunate that for Peter his needs were human flesh, which usually turns out fatal for the person being eaten.
As Vorden was exiting the forest from where Quinn had gone he whispered into Quinn's ear. "You need to do something about him and fast."
As soon as he said those words, he continued to exit the forest with the clothes in his hands while shouting. "I'll get rid of these; you guys look after Peter."
"Now can one of you please tell me what happened?" Quinn asked.
****
Meanwhile, Vorden made sure to cover the clothes as best as he could. He wrapped and piled it in a bundle making it easy to cover most of the blood marks. He entered the school without being seen and headed back to the dorm room where he put all of the bloody clothes into a plastic bag including his own.
Then from his and Peter's closets, he grabbed a change of clothing. Luckily the school supplied them with plenty of uniforms, mainly because of how much fighting went on at the school. Although if you went through too many you would eventually have to pay for it yourself.
With a new set of clothes for Peter in one bag and the bloody clothes in the other, he needed to find a way to get rid of the evidence.
Just as he was walking down the hall wondering what to do about it, he spotted someone who would make his life a lot easier for him.
"Hey, Berg!" Vorden said. "How are you doing?" Placing the bag in his left hand into his other hand, he touched Berg on the shoulder and successfully copied his flame abilities.
"Oh Vorden," Berg said with a fake smile on his face. "It's so nice to see you, ermm... About those crystals, you don't have to worry about giving them back. Think of it as a gift from my family to yours."
"Oh, thanks I was just coming to check if that was okay with you," Vorden replied.
But while Vorden was doing his best to fake a conversation, he noticed that many of the students in the hallway were gossiping about something.
"Did you hear about what they found?" One of the students said.
"You mean that thing they found behind the second-year building?" Another replied.
"Yeah, all the students are outside, while the schools’ investigation team is trying to find out what happened."
"I think maybe a student got killed?"
"Inside the school, isn't this like the second case this year? Maybe we should start worrying if a beast got through the portals or something."
Vorden took this opportunity to break away from Berg and head to a place where he wouldn't be seen. It was quieter around the first year building now since most of the students had moved to the second-year building. They tried to see what was going on, or if they couldn't get close they were asking other students about it.
Using this opportunity Vorden was able to sneak off into a secluded area and burn all the evidence without anyone noticing.
"I just hope there wasn't anything we forgot."

EP-154 A solution?
The second-year teachers started the investigation because they were the first on the scene. When they discovered that it was a first-year student who had died, they called in the first-year teacher and handed over the investigation to them. At the back of the building, in the alley, Fay and Hayley were currently investigating the scene together.
Looking around the gruesome scene of the murder, Hayley and Fay were reminded of things they had seen on the battlefield during the war, that's how bad it looked to them. Because they were both war veterans they had become immune to this kind of blood and gore, as Hayley was kneeling on the floor and examining body parts, she seemed to be unaffected by the whole thing, she was picking up bloody bones and bits of flesh like she was checking out some clothes in a fashion store.
After she had looked around for a while it seemed like she had spotted something interesting, she started to pick up body parts one by one and placed them in a specific order, some of them she lined up in a row so she could examine them in more detail.
Looking at what Hayley was doing Fay said, "Are you trying to piece him back together or something?"
"I noticed something strange about all the parts I've gathered and lined up, they all have one thing in common," Hayley replied.
"As far as I can see the only thing they have in common is that they are spattered with blood all over. So what did you notice? Do you think it was some type of beast that came through a portal, or maybe it is a student with an unusual ability?" Fay asked as she looked around, she was trying to see what Hayley had noticed.
Hayley picked up one of the body parts which looked like part of a leg, she then showed it to Fay and said, "You see this here?" while she pointed at two puncture marks. "For the most part it looks like whoever or whatever did this used some type of claw to dig into this student's flesh, but on a few body parts I noticed those puncture wounds that look like teeth marks." Hayley continued, "Sometimes the flesh is ripped from the body in whole chunks, but sometimes it looks like something chewed on it." In a soft voice, she whispered to herself, "It probably wasn't to taste the blood."
"Okay, I see what you're saying," Fay said with confusion on her face. "But doesn't that only confirm our theory that it was a beast that did this?"
"Well, the thing is, this isn't the first time that I've seen these kinds of marks. Do you remember when we went through the red portal and we discovered the true dream member?" Hayley asked. "Well, he wasn't the only one, I've seen the same marks on other students in the sickbay before."
"You're not saying those two students could have anything to do with it, are you?" Fay asked incredulously.
"I'm not saying that they are the culprit, but whatever it is, it's following them around, or linked to them in some way," Hayley replied.
"Once this investigation is over, it looks like we will have to call the two of them in for some more questioning."
*****
Once Vorden had returned to the park, he also explained what had happened on the way there, such as how the news had already spread and regarding the investigation of the scene. After cleaning Peter up with a few bottles of water, and changing his clothes, they all went back to the dorm room together.
Inside the first year building dorm room, the group had gathered. Vorden, Peter, Quinn were all sitting down, Layla, on the other hand, couldn't stop pacing around and was nervously fidgeting with her hair.
"Damn it!" Layla shouted. "Now that I've witnessed everything, I'll be called an accomplice. If they find out about this, we could be put in the dungeon. What will I tell my parents then?"
It was the first time the group had seen Layla so freaked out. Although she tended to overreact to things at times, it never seemed like she couldn't deal with the situation, however this time she was very worried and agitated.
"Peter, I think you owe us an explanation," Vorden said. "Fair enough, if you were hungry and needed to eat something, why didn't you come to us? You knew we were waiting for you outside. This is the second time that you've done something like this."
"I'm sorry, I don't know what came over me," Peter said. "When the hunger grew and Earl slapped me, I just lost control. When I finally regained control, I was already eating his corpse, I don't know what happened in between."
Peter turned out to be quite an impressive actor. He looked frightened and worried, and everyone there bought it, even Vorden believed him in the end, even though he was unsure at first. Although, there was one exception.
"He's lying." The system said.
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"Remember how I said that he would be required to eat human flesh. The worst-case scenario would be him losing control tomorrow. Even then the process would have been slower than this. He would have gotten hunger pangs first, and later he would slowly become unstable. You would have also felt the connection between the two of you grow weaker as he got more hungry. If you want to find out the truth, here is my advice, this is what you need to do…."
Quinn then stepped forward, in front of the others, with a serious look on his face as he confronted Peter.
"You need to tell me the truth, Peter. Why did you kill him?" As Quinn asked this question, he bit down on his thumb using his fang. He then lifted his hand, and like some type of magnet, Peter was attracted to it.
Peter immediately leapt up from where he was and started to suck on Quinn's thumb, absorbing the blood into his body. The connection between the two started to grow stronger again, and both of their eyes started to glow.
"Stop, stand back!" Quinn said in an authoritative voice, making Peter do as he was told and stand back.
"Now tell me, why did you kill that student?" Quinn again used that authoritative voice.
Peter's eyes lit up red and he felt an urge to answer truthfully. It was like a magic truth spell, it forced Peter to be truthful with his master. He immediately started telling Quinn the truth.
"Earl, if it was anyone that deserved to die, it was him. Any day, whenever I was on my own and when your backs were turned from me, he would come to torture me. If I didn't obey, he would snap my fingers. Then, they had a healer come by and heal it again, proceeding to repeat the process of torturing me." Peter articulated his reasoning, sighing before continuing.
“He saw me as an easy target. If I wanted to get away from the pain, I had no choice but to follow his orders. After I met with Duke I got rewarded with the ability books, but he didn't get anything from Duke, so he wanted to take his anger out on me.”
“He took me to that alley with a plan to beat me, just to satisfy his own need to be in control. But this time I finally had the power to fight back, so I decided to show him he can't mess with me anymore, he had it coming and he deserved everything he got. Eating him was just a little bonus, and I might have overdone it a bit."
Hearing the truth come out of Peter's mouth made Quinn feel a lot better. If he had done it for pleasure, or because his mind had been overcome with the hunger for human flesh, it would have made Quinn truly fearful. However, Peter had a good reason, even though it was a bit extreme.
At the moment, the way the school and the whole world worked, anyone who suddenly rose in power drastically would stand up and retaliate against their suppressors. It was just the way the system worked. Of course, this didn't happen very often, because most people didn't have a way to grow in power faster than their oppressors, not like Quinn and Peter anyway.
"Peter, your actions aren't wrong, and if I was in your shoes I would have done the same thing," Vorden said. "But here is where you and I are different. Your actions also put Quinn in danger. If you're caught, there is always a chance that it could lead back to him. And what's even more dangerous is that we are involved as well." Vorden glared at Peter before continuing, "I plan to take my revenge on Duke and Momo in our second year, but when I do I will do it carefully, so no one else gets hurt."
When Vorden said this, he was also talking about himself. What happened to Peter made him feel like it was a reflection of his actions. It was only because Vorden chose to hang out with them, which upset the order of things at the school, and then started to target the second years, that Duke seemed to have it out for him. And to get close to Vorden, he targeted his friends first.
It was the reason why he couldn't completely blame Peter for his actions.
With everything out in the open, there was no more use talking about it. It was for the best if they never spoke of what happened again, but all of them knew that it would have to be brought up soon.
"System, is there any way for Peter to stop consuming meat? Anyway at all?" Quinn asked.
"Of course there is, but you're not going to like the answer I'm about to give you." The system said. "Just like yourself when you consume blood, you grow stronger, the same goes for Peter when he eats human flesh. Although for him there is a limit. Eventually, he will grow so strong that he will be able to evolve and will no longer require human flesh."
As the system said, Quinn didn't like this answer at all. The solution to Peter no longer requiring to eat human flesh was to eat more human flesh.

EP-155 Plan B
It didn't stop the rumours from spreading among the students and eventually an announcement had been made updating everyone on the situation. It was an emergency announcement so each student got sent the same voice message via their watch.
The message said that a beast had escaped through one of the portals and it had been dealt with. They are investigating how a beast was able to get through such a thing, so the same mistakes were to not occur again in the future.
Luckily for the military, Earl had come from a no-name family and his death wouldn't have any direct consequences whatsoever on the school.
The next day had arrived and the usual suspects were inside the same room once again all deciding on what to do with Peter.
"So do you feel hungry right now?" Layla asked.
"Not any more than usual when I wake up," Peter replied.
Vorden and Quinn had already brought plenty of raw food for him to eat, and for now, it seemed to have been working in suppressing his hunger.
The only problem was the system's words seemed to worry Quinn even more. Now that Peter has had a taste for Human flesh the chances of his hunger for it would come back even quicker. The only problem was, they didn't know how long Peter would have lasted before eating Human flesh.
If it was a week until he went crazy then the system would have been able to give a good estimate of when Peter would need food again. But because Peter had chosen to kill out of his own choice and had eaten before starving, it was unable to give a good estimate.
This thought was on the back of everyone's minds.
"Guys relax," Peter said nervously. "I won't be doing anything like that again and Quinn can testify to that as well. I promise, as soon as I get hungry again, I'll let you guys know straight away!"
"Still," Vorden said. "That doesn't solve our problem of feeding you when you do need to be fed. We may have gotten away with it this time but we need something consistent."
The other three thought long and hard of what their options could be, honestly, though Vorden did have a plan, it was a last resort. He still didn't trust Peter and wanted to see just how loyal he would be and only then if all the options had been thought of, would he tell them his plan.
"Have you tried drinking coffee?" Layla asked.
"Coffee?" the others thought, it was a bit of a random suggestion.
"Oh, well don't worry, I just read about it in a book once. Don't mind me." Layla said, smiling away. "What about the cemetery or even a morgue? The city has one."
Quinn had thought of these suggestions early but once again the system had informed him of bad news. The meat being used had to be fairly fresh. To the point where it was being eaten off the bone or if someone had died recently.
But there weren't many people who would die in the military city just like that. It wasn't like a regular city which had high levels of crime and an old population. Also, the consequences of getting caught just trying to do that didn't sit well with the others but it was much better than getting caught in the middle of killing another student.
The pressure was getting to Quinn... It felt like he was about to pull his hair out, no matter what, he couldn't think of a good way. The only solution he could come up with was killing more people and if he was to do so, he needed to start making a list of those who deserved it.
"Quinn, relax," Vorden said. "I have an emergency if it comes to it. For now, spend your day like a normal person while Layla and I will try to come up with something. If it doesn't work out, then we can use my backup plan."
"What is the backup plan?" Layla asked.
Vorden then called Quinn over and whispered into his ear while looking at Layla out of the corner of his eye. It was clear he was doing this just to get one up on her. He had a plan that would help Quinn out while she didn't.
Layla couldn't help but tap her foot and stare at Peter angrily in the corner of the room.
"Vorden, I can't let you do that!" Quinn said.
"As I said, only if it comes to it, it's the only thing that won't put us in any danger," Vorden replied.
Although Vorden had helped Quinn through this process, what he was suggesting was just too much.
While Vorden and Layla were babysitting Peter. Quinn was left to do his own thing. Whatever happened he didn't want Vorden to go through with his plan. So the only thing he could think of was the hospital.
There were plenty of cases where soldiers would get injured in mock battles or out on expeditions during portal training, and sometimes there would be lethal damage. Some might also catch a disease of some sort.
It was the only place Quinn could think of which would have the freshest but at the same time almost dead people in the city.
But while Quinn was outside, he decided to stop off at a certain spot. He was back in the park at the open area in the forest, where the others had trained with Peter.
The reason for him being here was because before doing anything, Quinn needed to make sure he was fine first. He threw his umbrella that was hanging over his head on the ground.
As the light touched his skin the normal system message appeared.
[You are being hit by direct sunlight]
[All stats will be reduced by 70 Percent]
"Shadow equip!" Quinn called out.
The shadow started to wrap around his whole body this time and a few seconds later, the black suit that Logan had designed covered his entire body and the demon-like mask was planted on his face.
[You are no longer being affected by sunlight]
[All stats have returned to normal]
It was a success. The outfit had worked and had done what it was designed for, but there was still one thing Quinn needed to get used to. The outfit covered his whole body from head to toe and that included his eyes.
As a replacement, Logan had installed some virtual eyes and the outside looked like that of an evil demon. Logan wanted the outfit to match Quinn's shadow ability. So he thought there was nothing better than to make him look like a shadow demon.
With his white glaring eyes and demon-like mask. Then the red claws ran up the side of his arms. He truly did look like something out of a kid's nightmare.
The vision the eyes gave was nearly just as good as a regular human eye site. But it seemed to be a little slow compared to Quinn's.
If it was him before then it would have been fine but right now the virtual eyes put him at a slight disadvantage compared to him at night.
Although the suit also had a night mode which allowed Quinn to lower the top half of the suit so his head could get some fresh air, while his face was still mostly covered by the metallic mask.
Even though the suit wasn't needed at night, it still gave him extra protection so it was best to use it when he could.
Quinn was over the moon as now there was no longer any need to hide his shadow ability from others.
*****

EP-156 It's starting
He was very happy with the suit and the end result, he just couldn't thank Logan enough for making it. He put it back away in his shadow void and decided to start heading towards the hospital.
Luckily for him, he was able to enter the hospital with no problems. He could walk around as if he was a normal citizen heading to the certain room, but as he did walk around there was something that Quinn noticed that the hospital had that the school didn't.
In nearly every corner of the room, there was a round object with a blinking red light. They were cameras. The school's weren't allowed to install cameras due to the originals fearing that their ability might get copied or their techniques stolen.
However, that wasn't the same for around the city. Students wouldn't be practising their skills in the hospital so there wasn't any reason why cameras couldn't be installed there. This was a major problem. If Quinn or the others were to try to take anything, they would be caught on camera.
And he couldn't use the suit otherwise when he would reveal himself, everyone would know it was him. There was the option of using a shadow cloak. Although that made him invisible, the same couldn't be said for the objects he or others were touching.
The camera would pick up a floating figure and then report it, which would lead to another investigation. Still, it was an option but right now it looked like Vorden's plan was looking like the best one.
With nothing else to see, Quinn decided to head back, although while doing so he couldn't help but notice all the blood bags around him. 'Imagine finding that room, it would be an instant power increase.' Although for now, he couldn't think about it.
Maybe if there was ever an emergency that required him to get stronger, regardless if he was caught or not, he would come back here.
Just as Quinn was leaving the hospital a voice message seemed to appear on his watch, there wasn't even an option for him to listen to it or not, as it immediately started to play.
"Quinn Talen you are to report to General Nathan's office immediately. If you are not here in the next 30 minutes then we shall have guards come and escort you here immediately."
The message ended and Quinn couldn't help but feel nervous. Had they found out about him being a vampire? Or maybe Peter had been found and he had been ratted?!
Although he had all these thoughts, at the end of the day he had no choice but to comply, it was impossible to escape from the military base.
Doing his best to make it back to the school as quick as he could, Quinn had finally made it in time. He stood in front of Nathan's office and gave a knock before entering.
"Come in," Nathan said.
As Quinn entered through the door he could see Nathen standing there with Hayley and Fay in the room. But that wasn't what worried him.
The person that worried him the most, was the female who sat at the desk in front, for he had seen her once before a while ago. It was a person whose abilities could tell if one was lying or not.
"Please Quinn, take a seat," Nathan said.
****
While Quinn was at Nathan's office. The other three were still in the room together.
"I'm going to head out for a bit, there's something I need to do, just in case we can't come up with anything," Vorden said.
"Do you mind telling me what this backup plan is?" Layla asked.
"Trust me, even if you did know, it wouldn't be possible for you, and I don't think you would want to do it?"
"Why don't you try me?" She said with a smug look on her face.
Vorden then walked towards the door to leave the room where Layla was standing and as he walked past he whispered the plan into her ear.
After hearing Vorden's plans her eyes opened wide and her face dropped to the floor. At that moment her whole opinion of Vorden had changed, in fact, what he said was true. If it was her in his situation she was unsure if she could do the same thing.
With Vorden gone to make sure his backup plan was ready if all else failed, Peter and Layla were left alone in the room together. The two of them weren't exactly the closest but the problem was with what had happened last time when the two of them had talked.
Layla had told Peter off and even called him disappointing, but she saw him in a different light ever since he had sacrificed himself for Quinn.
As the two of them sat there awkwardly in silence Layla was starting to miss the crazy boy a bit. At least he was a conversation starter.
Some time had passed and the two of them started doing the things they would usually do, Layla brought out a book and started reading while Peter laid there thinking about how much he changed.
All the pain he had suffered from Earl had gone just like that, in an instant, Peter was able to get rid of him, and Peter didn't feel bad for killing him but instead felt like he had done something good. “If Quinn had this power all along why didn't he do anything?” Peter thought to himself. 
'It's a waste on him.' Peter thought.
As they continued to do their own thing, a rumbling sound was heard. It immediately made Layla jump from the bed she was on, and look for the door. "Peter..." She eyed him warily, " You're not getting hungry are you?"
Peter wanted to lie, he wanted to tell her it was okay that nothing was happening. But the force of Quinn's blood ran deep into his veins and he felt compelled to keep his word to Quinn about telling them if he was feeling a certain hunger.
"I think it's starting," Peter admitted.

EP-157 Questioning
He had already done what he needed to do, to complete his plan. After gathering some information from the other students, it led him to the canteen. And now all he needed to do was head back to Peter.
Although Quinn said it was unlikely he would get hungry within one day after feeding, there was still a possibility that something could happen today. Which meant Vorden would have to make sure his backup plan was ready each and every day.
After grabbing a snack for himself to eat from the canteen, he headed back up to the dorm room to check on the others. As he opened the door though, he was surprised to see Layla standing in the corner of the room while having her bow pointed at Peter.
Peter himself had both of his hands up and was as far away from Layla as possible inside the little room.
"Whoa, what is going on here?" Vorden asked.
But before either of the two could say anything, a message was received on Vorden's watch.
"Vorden Blade, you are to head to Nathan's office immediately. Judging by your location, you should be able to reach us in five minutes. If you are not here, then prepare to face the consequences."
"What is this about?" Vorden said. "You heard the message I've got to go. And you two, stop fighting and make up, we have enough problems as it is."
"No, wait!" Layla cried, but the door had already shut, and Vorden was rushing off to the office.
"I'm sorry, Peter," Layla said. "Let's just keep it like this for now. I'll stay by the door, and if anything happens, I'll leave first."
"Well, why don't you let me head over to the fridge and see if I can try to make the hunger go away," Peter asked.
Layla took a deep breath before replying.
"Fine." Using her telepathic ability, she opened the fridge door and pulled out a piece of meat for Peter. Making sure Peter kept his hands up while she was doing this. After seeing what he was capable of and what happened to Earl. She wasn't taking any chances.
When Peter asked if he could use his hands to eat, Layla allowed it, but she kept her arrow slightly drawn and facing Peter the whole time.
'Quinn, where the hell are you?' Layla thought
****
Inside the office, Quinn did as asked and sat down in the seat, opposite to the lady. He was still unsure exactly why they had called him here.
"Now Quinn, I'm sure you're thinking why we called you here, Right?" Nathan said. "Well, as you may know, there was a death yesterday, and we're trying to find out who's responsible."
"Wait, you're saying it wasn't a beast?" Quinn said, trying to act surprised.
"Well, it might be, who knows, all we do know is there have been quite a few cases like this before, do you remember how we called you into questioning a while ago. Well back then we didn't ask you many questions because a level one couldn't possibly be able to kill higher levels. So after asking whether you did it or not, we let you go.
"However, death seems to be following you around lately, and we need to know if it's bad luck, or maybe it's someone with bad luck that is following you around. So please if you could touch the pretty ladies hand, we can begin the questioning"
Quinn obeyed the order dutifully, at first, there was no reaction as the woman had yet to activate her ability.
All Quinn could hope for now was that they would ask him simple questions like last time. If they just asked him if he was the one responsible for Earl's death, then he could answer truthfully. It seemed like he had gotten away with it the last time due to him only being a level one. They never really considered him a suspect in the first place.
But this time was different. It was the second time he was being interrogated so they must have found some type of link, linking him to the others, but the truth was he really did have no clue about what happened to Brandon. He only knew about Loop.
"Now Quinn, do you know the truth of what happened to Earl Hampton yesterday?" the lady asked.
'This was it!' Quinn thought. They had asked a question, and in an instant, she would know if he was lying or not. Her hands started to glow, and energy started to enter Quinn through his hands, then a message from the system appeared.
[An ability has been detected]
[Users mental strength and charm is strong enough to block the ability]
[Would you like to block the ability?]
To his surprise, a new message had appeared, unlike what happened last time. It was an unexpected but welcome result. When the ability was used on him last time, it had completely gone through. The only difference between now and before was he had evolved into a full vampire, and obtained the charm stat.
It seemed like the charm stat was becoming more useful with every new problem he faced. The issue now was if he blocked the girl's ability, would she be able to tell it was blocked? Or would it feel like he was telling the truth?
In the end, it depended on how her ability would react to him blocking it, Quinn was unsure of this as well, it was a total gamble.
Still, he decided there was nothing to lose right now, so his best option was to block the ability and see how she would react. After confirming with the system that he wished to block her ability, Quinn answered the question: "no". She then let go of Quinn's hands.
"He's telling the truth." She said, The reason why she believed this was because of how her ability worked.  It couldn't actually tell if someone was telling the truth or if someone was lying. The ability could actually only determine if someone was lying, when someone she was touching would lie, she would feel a reaction from her ability, but there was no reaction when someone was telling the truth.
This meant if no reaction was felt, then that person wasn't lying. What she didn't know was that Quinn was able to block her ability entirely, ultimately causing no reaction to happen whatsoever.
The interrogation went on after the girl touched Quinn's hands again, Nathan was asking Quinn questions about the missing students from before, and eventually this line of questioning led to the bite marks. Quinn answered the questions he could as truthfully as possible, but whenever he wanted something to stay hidden, he would use the system to block the girl's ability.
"Alright, the interrogation is over Quinn," Nathan said. "It seems like you were innocent, just like we thought."
"Oh, then why did you try to question me?" Quinn asked.
"Just to be absolutely certain." Nathan replied. "This time, we have decided to be thorough, since there has now been more than one case, and it seems that they are following the same pattern. Still, we can now be sure that you are not the culprit, just like we expected."
Quinn was then asked to stand next to Fay and Hayley, to the side of the interrogation room. They stood there for a while as they stared at the door, waiting for the one they truly thought was the culprit.
Then a few moments later, a knock at the door was heard.
"Come in!" Nathan shouted.
Vorden had walked through the door, and to his surprise, Quinn was there with them.
"Please, Vorden is it? If you could sit in this chair, we would like to ask you a few questions."
This was bad, Quinn thought. Although he had gotten through the integration due to his system's ability, the same couldn't be said for Vorden. If they asked him the same questions they had asked Quinn, then he, or even all of them would be caught.

EP-158 Hello Quinn
If someone had spotted them when they were escaping with Peter, it would make more sense for them to call Layla and Peter, not Quinn. The only thing that the two of them had done together was head to the red portal planet.
Unknown to both of them, the thing that had linked the two together were the bite marks. It was too much of a coincidence to see bite marks on multiple students as well as one on the red portal planet. The one connection they all had was Quinn. But they had their doubts it could be him, so now their number one suspect was the person who was with Quinn at the time of these events.
"Please sit down," Nathan said politely.
One thing was for sure, Vorden was happy that it was Nathan in the room and not Duke. After learning everything that Duke had done to try and get rid of him for some reason. Vorden would have been tempted to attack him right there and then.
Vorden sat down in the chair opposite the woman, while he was sitting, he would give the odd glance towards Quinn. He could see that Quinn had a worried look on his face which meant something was going to happen that he wouldn’t like.
"Now we're just here to ask you a few questions, Vorden, simple right?" Nathan said with a smile. Usually, Vorden was quite good at reading people, but for some reason, Nathan creeped him out, with that smile. Because it was nearly impossible for him to tell if it was genuine or not. "But I warn you to answer truthfully now, for our beautiful woman here can catch your lie in an instant."
Suddenly, Vorden realized why Quinn was fidgeting so much, and why he looked so worried. They were questioning Vorden about some type of event, had they found out what he was and just wanted him to confirm it, or did it have something to do with Peter. The problem was Vorden himself didn't know how much information Quinn had revealed.
The woman then held out her hand for Vorden to touch it. When the two of them touched each other’s hand, Vorden had copied the women's abilities but he didn't know how it worked and it wasn't something he could figure out right now. If he could, perhaps there was a way he could use it against her.
"Did you have anything to do related to the death of the student named Earl Hampton?" She asked. Vorden didn't answer immediately, because he was trying to think.
Hearing that name, Vorden finally knew why they had called him. He didn't know why Quinn had been asked to come here or what Quinn had said but the best thing to do now was to lie and not get caught. All Vorden could do was hope that Quinn had done the same.
The teachers had made one mistake before interrogating Vorden, and that was telling him the abilities of the female in front of him. If her ability worked similarly to the lie detectors of the past, then as long as the person answering believed their answer, or if they didn't know the answer, then it would still be seen as the truth. Although Vorden was there the same couldn't be said for Sil.
He couldn't rely on Raten because Raten often stood by Vorden's side when he was on the chair watching everything he did while criticizing and advising him. But it was different for Sil. Sil spent most of his time sleeping in the room or just sitting in the back staring blankly in front of him.
This was the only option he had and he hoped it would work. He closed his eyes and left the chair. As he did he walked over towards Sill who was in a fetal position rocking backwards and forwards like he usually did.
"Sil, there is some lady who wants to ask you some questions," Vorden said. "All you need to do is answer them and then we can go play."
"Play?" Sil replied, staring at Vorden.
"Yeah, Quinn is in the room as well and they asked him the same question. So I need you to do the best you can, to answer for me now. Okay?"
Whenever Vorden spoke to Sil. He would speak in a slow patient voice like a mother did while talking to their child. This was because Sil's mind was quite childlike. One wrong word could set him off on a tantrum, usually, parents were stronger than their kids though and if this were to happen they could control them. But in this case, Sil was both stronger than Raten and Vorden so they always had to speak to Sil very carefully.
"Okay, and then Quinn and I can play together right," Sil asked
"Yeah, but maybe only for a little bit, okay," Vorden replied.
Sill sat there as if he was thinking about it.
Meanwhile outside Vorden’s mind.
"If you don't reply, Vorden, we have to take your silence as a confession that you were involved somehow,"  Nathan said.
Just as Vorden was about to give up and go back into the chair, Sil replied.
"Deal," Sil said with a smile on his face.
Sil stood up and ran over to the chair with a smile on his face.
Back outside Sil was happily smiling away looking at the people around him. When he spotted Quinn, he started to wave. Quinn found the actions weird especially when they were in a tough situation like this, this behaviour was unlike how Vorden usually acted.
Still, Quinn decided to wave back which put an even bigger smile on Sil's face.
"You have a question for me?" Sil said, pointing at himself.
Even the woman was a little taken aback by the change in attitude but decided to press on. She repeated the question and asked again.
"No, I wasn't there," Sil replied. "I don't even know who this Earl is, the only person I know is Quinn," Sil said, pointing in Quinn's direction.
The women continued to ask questions that Nathan had presented and Sil continued to answer in a naive childlike manner. "He's telling the truth, not a single time did either of them lie."
Nathan then went to adjust the glasses on his face, a habit of his when he was stressed out. "Maybe we do have a beast roaming around the school." Nathan then looked at the two of them, his gut feeling was telling him something was wrong. But it was impossible, the woman's ability was telling them they were looking in the wrong direction.
"You two stay here for now," Nathan said. "We're going to keep you here for a while, and pull up some people who were around the scene at the time, see if anyone spotted you there too."
"Huh, but we already answered your questions," Quinn complained.
"Look, if you're not guilty then you have nothing to worry about, right?" Nathan replied. "All I ask is that you stay here a little longer.
With that most of the sergeants had left the room to try and gather more information. The only ones left inside were Fay and the woman. Now that the two of them were no longer under interrogation they were free to sit on the couch and relax together. Right now Fay was busy looking over some documents with the woman while the two boys were sitting next to each other.
But while doing so, Sil couldn't help but keep smiling at Quinn.
"Umm, Vorden are you okay?" Quinn asked.
Sil then turned his head to the left and right to check if anyone was nearby, before placing his hand over his mouth and whispered. "Oh, I'm not Vorden, my name is Sil."

EP-159 Too Hungry
Vorden was continuously pacing up and down as he saw Sil take control of the seat in the black room. It was a rare occurrence. Sil usually came out in times of danger and even then, once the danger was over, he would return to his dark corner. Yet for some reason, Sil seemed to be slightly changing ever since Vorden had first met Quinn.
Vorden liked the change and thought Quinn would eventually be a good influence on him. But now was not the time. They were in a tense situation and Quinn had enough on his mind. Vorden could do nothing but stand there. He was afraid if he was to approach Sil, he might freak out and remain in control the whole time.
"Vorden, are you okay?" Quinn whispered back.
Sill quickly shook his head rapidly. "I told you, my name is Sil. I have been waiting to meet you, Quinn."
Quinn did not know how to react to this. He calmed down and started to think. How did Vorden manage to escape the interrogation with the woman? Was it something to do with his power? Or something entirely different? Right now, Vorden was claiming to be a different person. If the person before him didn't look exactly like Vorden, he would have believed him.
"Maybe it is an ability he copied before coming here?" Quinn thought. "A mind swap ability which allowed Vorden to fool the woman. Vorden, you are a genius."
"Nice to meet you Sil." Quinn smiled back. "Thanks for helping us back there, we owe you one."
"No problem at all," Sil said. He lifted his hand and started rubbing Quinn's curly hair as if he was a cute dog. Quinn was starting to have odd feelings about this. If it was just the two of them in a room, he would have pulled away or even pushed Vorden, not Sil back. But they were still under watch and he didn't want to cause a scene. "If you ever need any help, you can always call me."
Inside the black room, Sil left the chair and walked away. As he crossed Vorden he said, "Thank you, it looks like he won't become another Caser after all."
Hearing that name brought back bad memories for Vorden and Raten, but now was not the time to think about it. Vorden quickly rushed over to the chair and took control. To Vorden's side was Quinn, however, his hand was still on top of Quinn's hair. His face went bright red as he pulled his hand back.
"Sorry about that...that was... that was…" Vorden started to stumble on his words.
"That wasn't you, I could tell," Quinn replied. "Good thinking on the mind swap thing. For now, as long as none of us was seen that day, we have nothing to worry about."
As the words left Quinn, he felt something fade away from his body. He was losing an important part of himself, the connection with something was being lost and he knew exactly what it was.
"What's wrong?" asked Vorden.
Grabbing his chest, Quinn replied, "I think it's Peter. He is hungry. I can't control him for much longer. I'm already losing the connection."
"But it was only yesterday that he had his fill," said Vorden, making sure to keep his voice down.
"I know. Guess we are just unlucky. At this rate, if he doesn't get it every day, he will continue to starve. And I'm afraid when he is hungry, I can't control him as I did earlier."
When Vorden heard Quinn's words, his mind went back to the time before he came to Nathan's office. When he entered the room, he remembered seeing Layla pointing an arrow at Peter.
'Did it already start back then?' Vorden thought.
They had been in the interrogation room for nearly two hours now. As they looked outside, the sun had already set and was replaced with the night sky.
"Quinn, we have to get out of here!" Vorden said, grabbing him by the hand. "I think Layla's in trouble."
A beep was heard in the room as the door slid open and in came Nathan, followed by Fay and Hayley.
"Looks like we are in luck and someone found something," Nathan said with a smile.
Just behind them, another student entered the room.
****
Inside the dorm room, Peter had eaten every single bit of raw meat he could find in the fridge, but it didn't help his hunger at all. And the pains in his stomach were starting to get worse.
"Peter, please! You are starting to scare me." Layla said
He was now hunched over the floor, grabbing his stomach. "Layla please, just leave!" Peter shouted.
"I can't! What if you go kill someone again? Come on, you can fight it. I have been on diets ten times worse than this. Once I only drank juice with no food. Would you believe that?" Layla continued rambling on, in the hope of calming both Peter's nerves as well as her own.
"I would rather it be someone who deserved it, than you," Peter said as he looked up at her from the ground. "You were the one who taught me how much of a scumbag I was, but I'm different now." At that moment, he felt as if someone was reaching down into his stomach with their hand and were trying to pull all the food he had just eaten up and onto the floor.
A few seconds later, everything that Peter ate came back up along with some greenish liquid.
"Peter, are you okay?!" Layla asked, with a concerned look on her face.
As Peter raised his head, his eyes were glowing a bright red. His two front fangs grew larger. They were sticking out over his lower lip now. He slowly got up from the ground and made his way toward Layla.
"Peter, I'm sorry," Layla said as Peter edged closer to her. She let go of the drawn arrow, aiming for Peter's knee.
The arrow hit the mark. It made no difference as Peter didn't even try to dodge the arrow. He pulled the arrow out from his knee and broke it with a snap. The mark left by the arrow healed instantly.
This was it. She tried her best to control him but it was clear that Peter was no longer present. He was just another monster now. She reached for the door and tried opening it, but a loud crash, as if someone had just broken glass, made her pause.
Turning around, she saw the bedroom window was broken. She rushed to the window, avoiding the broken glass. As she looked outside, there was no sign of Peter. They were currently in a three-story building. If a human was to jump from here without any support, they would break their legs. But Peter was no longer human.
Peter limped in the darkness towards the forest. The fall broke his legs but even as he walked, they continued to heal. "I won't hurt any of you guys. I promise." Peter told himself. "But I have to do something to get rid of this hunger."
*****

EP-160 Mysterious family
He had informed his family members that he had met up with one of the Blades. Immediately their tone of voice had changed, and his father said to do whatever he could to make sure the Blades wouldn't get upset with them. It was a strange reaction. Although his father didn't carry a high rank in his family he was still respected as a member of one of the big four. It was the first time he had seen him act like this at the mention of anyone's name.
The even stranger thing was when Berg had tried to search for information about the Blade family he couldn't find anything. Nothing at all about what type of ability they had, nothing about their contributions to the war. Even upon asking his friends, none of them seemed to have ever heard about the Blade family. So it made the reaction his father had all the more strange.
Soon enough though, his father's fear became his fear, and the mystery behind Vorden grew within his mind.
"Now Berg here said on the day of the event he saw a student running through the halls looking quite panicked," Nathan said. "Humans are strange things you see and they love a little bit of gossip. While everyone else was heading to the second year building to see what was going on. A single student was running in the opposite direction. Coincidentally though, Berg's description seems to match one of you, a curly black-haired boy…"
Quinn remained silent, there was no way they could convict him just for having a suspicion. The problem was that they now had a witness, and because they were suspicious of him they would probably keep a closer eye on him from now on. This would only cause more problems in the future, especially now he had Peter running wild in his ranks. He decided the best thing to do for now was to just keep his mouth shut, if he said anything it would be easy to slip up and make everything worse.
Vorden then started to laugh by his side.
"You think Quinn did it?" Vorden said. "Come on, the two of them don't even share the same classes, besides do you know how many curly-haired students with black hair there are in this school?"
"Well you see Vorden, that's why we brought him here, so he could confirm who he saw that day."
That day Berg had seen Quinn running through the halls. As soon as he entered the room he recognized him but seeing Vorden defend him so suddenly like that he knew something was up.
"This isn't the kid I saw that day," Berg said. "I'm pretty sure it was someone else."
"What!" Nathan said. "Are you sure? Come closer and take another look."
Berg did as asked and stepped closer and looked at Quinn carefully trying to act the best he could. He took a glance at Vorden, he must have been imagining things, because he was seeing and feeling a strange power emitting from him, but that can't be possible.
"I'm sure it's not him." Berg said." Do you mind if I go now?"
Nathan then went down to sit in his large office chair, he looked outside and could see the sky was now completely black with only the moonlight being out. After letting out a big sigh he leaned back and put his legs on the desk. "Let's call it a day. It looks like I've wasted everyone's time here for no reason." Nathan said. "You're all free to go home and remember to get a good rest."
Quinn was unsure what had just happened, perhaps Berg really did see someone else running through those halls and it wasn't him, but whatever the case was they were now free to go. Quinn and Vorden looked at each other and walked quickly out of the room. They had the urge to run but they tried to walk in a slow and normal way, otherwise, the others would notice that something was up.
Before leaving, Vorden turned and said. "Thank you, Berg, I owe you one."
"Just remember this for the future," Berg replied.
****
Outside Peter was walking through the forest, he was no longer limping as his legs were now completely healed. However, the pain in his stomach still hadn't disappeared. It was a strange feeling, Peter's mind was all there, it was him and he could control his body, but all he could think about was eating raw human flesh, he kept thinking about how delicious Earl had tasted.
Not wanting to hurt any of his friends he tried to go as far away from the school as possible and before he released it he had ended up in the dark forest once again. "Am I going to die if I don't find anything? Err, anyone…"
He slowly made his way through the woods until eventually, he had reached a pathway. The pathway went around the outskirts of the woods and park until it eventually had an entrance and an exit. One leading to the city and the other leading back to the direction of the school. But it was late at night and not many people would be walking through the park to head to the centre of the city as all the shops would be closed by now.
The only thing that was still open was convenience shops that were stationed just a little bit before the park. "Should I head to the convenience store? Maybe I can find someone and follow them back, pull them into the woods." Peter was saying to himself.
Just as Peter was thinking of going through with his suggestion he spotted someone walking down the path. His body wanted to lunge out at the person but Peter tried to fight against it, staying in the woods.
Suddenly the person stopped and stood still.
"I can feel your bloodlust from here." The boy said. "Come out you ghoul and tell me, where the hell your master is."
The boy's eyes glowed red in the dark as he stared right into Peter's eyes.
***

EP- 161 Right side?
But as they walked through the halls several thoughts were running through both of their minds. Quinn could no longer feel the connection between himself and Peter, while Vorden was kicking himself for not making sure that Peter and Layla were okay. He just never thought Peter would get hungry so quickly, he only ate Earl yesterday.
They had finally arrived just outside the room and when they opened the door, the first thing they saw was the broken window and glass shards all over the floor.
"Huh, where's Layla?" Quinn asked. "You don't think Peter already…ate her do you?
But if that was the case Quinn would have gotten a message from the system, and also there was no blood to be seen in the room.
That's when they heard a small little sobbing sound coming from one of the corners. As they turned their heads to see where the sound was coming from, they could see Layla curled up into a ball sobbing in the corner.
"Oh," Quinn said with a sigh of relief. "You're still alive."
Layla looked up and noticed the two had arrived back together.
"Where were you guys!" Layla said with an angry tone. "I can't believe you left me on my own, you know I'm not strong enough to deal with something like this."
It was clear Layla had been given quite a shock. Quinn did his best to calm her down. He looked at her sobbing away and didn't know what to do in this type of situation, he had never encountered a girl crying before.
Then a memory came into his head, one that he had almost forgotten. When he was only three years old, Quinn had gotten lost from his mother in the supermarket. The place seemed to be a whole different world to him at the time. He felt alone and frightened when his mom finally found him. She had given him a big hug that made all the bad feelings go away.
Just then, Quinn wrapped his hands around Layla tightly. "It's okay, don't worry Layla, I'm sorry about all of this. It's all my fault, I should have known better." Quinn said.
Although Layla was frightened, she hadn’t expected Quinn to do something like this. The hug felt nice and warm and reminded her of her family. But what made everything even better was the look on Vorden's face.
For some reason when Vorden saw this he had a look of worry on his face. Layla thought that perhaps it was jealousy because she was getting closer to Quinn. But actually, Vorden was worried about Sil. Luckily Sil was quietly sleeping inside the darkroom and didn't get to see this scene.
The hug went on for a while to the point where it seemed to be getting awkward for Layla. This was because Quinn was unsure about the appropriate amount of time to hug someone.
"Quinn, I'm okay now. You can let go." Layla said as she made sure to wipe away the remaining tears from her face.
"Layla, you need to tell us what happened, where's Peter?" Vorden asked.
Layla recalled the events of what happened while the two of them were away, saying that it hadn't happened that long ago and that just around 15 minutes had passed. This coincided with Quinn feeling the loss of connection with Peter.
"If he's outside I have to go find him before we have another Earl situation on our hands," Quinn said.
"This is bad," Vorden said. "Especially since they already suspect us, we can't deal with a situation like this right now.
Quinn then started to get ready to leave the room. "You two stay here, worst case scenario I have to use my shadow skill to hide. Besides, even if someone saw me they won't know who I am."
"Wait!" Vorden shouted. "I'm coming with you. If Peter is like Layla says he is, then you're going to need me. We're just going to have to go through with plan B."
Quinn didn't like it, he didn't like it one bit. Whatever happened he didn't want to go through with Plan B no matter what, but right now, what choice did they have?
"Alright, come on let's go," Quinn said. "Layla, it might be best if you head back to your room. Also if you can prepare some blood for me, I might need it when I come back."
Layla nodded as the two of them went off downstairs.
'Quinn sometimes, I think you're too nice for this world.' Layla thought. After clearing away the broken pieces of glass Layla decided to head towards her dorm room.
She knocked a few times before entering, pondering if Erin was already back or not. There was no answer and when she entered the room Erin was nowhere to be seen.
Underneath her bed, she pulled out a little chest with a digital lock. After entering the authorization code the chest opened and she took out a sphere-shaped object. She then brought the ball with her over to the room door, that way she could hear if anyone was coming in, and she could quickly put it away again.
Pressing the top of the ball caused it to light up and she waited for a few moments as the light dimmed in and out.
"Hello agent 84, do you have another report to give." A female voice said coming from the communication ball.
"Yes, Ma'am. I wish to give you an update on the report I gave you earlier. It turns out what I believed would be good for our cause, is not so good for us after all. I will send you the full details later.
"That is a shame to hear." The female voice coming from the orb said. "I hope you do get to enjoy your time left at the school and continue with the original mission. Also on another note. My Truedream will be visiting the base soon. We are unsure of which candidates will be selected this time, but don't worry too much if you are selected."
"Noted," Layla replied.
"May Pure be with you." The woman said.
"May Pure be with you," Layla replied in a way that made it sound forced.
'Quinn, I hope I'm doing the right thing not just for my sake but for everyone's.' She thought to herself.
****
As soon as Quinn and Vorden went past the school gate they were free to rush off and run about, now that they were away from the eyes of the soldiers and guards. They had just entered the path and it seemed the place was empty of people, probably because the curfew was coming up.
"Vorden I'm going to go on up ahead, I think I got Peter's scent," Quin said.
"Peter's scent? What are you, a dog?" Vorden said sarcastically.
But the next second a shadow had gone to Quinn's body and soon after it was replaced with a black figure, a mask on his face and his beast equipment on his arms and legs. Into the night he sped away, rushing into the forest.
*****

EP-162 Starved Ghoul
The pain had gotten the best of him, and he was willing to do anything to get rid of that hunger. As Fex saw the ghoul leap out from the forest, he prepared himself by getting into a fighting stance. It had leapt quite a distance from the forest and out onto the path. While it was in the air it had stuck out all of its limbs very wide, like it was some type of beast. Then at the right moment, Fex lifted his head off the ground and swung it outward like a whip hitting Peter right in the centre of his body.
He went flying through the air quite a distance away until his body banged on the floor and skittered away.
"Well, that should keep it down for a while," Fex said to himself.
However, nearly instantly Peter was standing up once again. A few of his ribs had been broken in the process but they regenerated almost instantly.
Even though Peter was a ghoul, Fex was sure he had used enough force to take one out.
"Is he starving? Now, who would be stupid enough to turn someone and not have everything prepared beforehand?" Fex thought, not knowing how Peter came to be a ghoul.
A starved ghoul healed a lot quicker than usual and they were dangerous to go up against even for Vampires. Still, this also came with its downsides. The more times it would heal itself, the more energy it would use, it was starving itself more each time it healed, and eventually, there wouldn't be any energy left, and healing would come to an end.
Peter came rushing forward once again but Fex didn't look too worried. "I'm not into killing other people's family members, if I did then it could start a civil war and I don't want to be the one to blame for that."
Fex then started to fiddle about with his fingers, pulling them in and out as if he was making something but when looking at his hands nothing could be seen. With Peter coming closer to him he was finally ready. He ran towards Peter and just when Peter was about to swing for his head, Fex ducked at the right moment, he dashed forward not touching Peter but swiping his hands around him in the process.
This continued onward for a while, Peter would strike while Fex would dodge staying close to him, moving his hands but not touching. Then Peter started to notice something, his movements were getting slower and slower as the fight continued, his arms were the first to slow down and eventually it was his legs. When he looked down and noticed what was happening it was too late.
Peter had fallen to the ground and was now completely tangled and tied up in some type of string. "It's a shame, if you worked for me I could turn you into a really good puppet. You're quite strong for a ghoul, it took more strength than I thought to slow you down."
As Fex started to think of puppets, another person came into his mind, the girl who had frozen him to the wall. "Now, she would make a perfect human puppet. I wonder if she would accept."
Fex then knelt and looked at Peter who was trying his best to break free, but the string was almost indestructible and was being powered by Fex's MC. He then lifted Peter's head off the ground and looked into his eyes casting some type of spell. "Suppress the hunger within yourself, calm down."
After saying those words Peter felt something inside his body change, the hunger suddenly didn't feel as bad as before and he was slowly starting to get a hold of himself a bit more. He could now see the person in front of him clearly, he also noticed that this person smelt different, different to other people anyway.
"I didn't create you so the spell won't last for long," Fex explained. "Now tell me, which family do you belong to? If you're a starving ghoul you couldn't have been turned too long ago, otherwise, you would have evolved by now. Are you even registered, is that why you won't speak?"
Although Fex was saying these words. Peter didn't understand any of it, he understood the words individually but had no clue what was happening.
Seeing that Peter would no longer answer. Fex let go of his head allowing it to fall to the ground. "These damn ghouls are always loyal to their leader, it was a waste trying to get anything out of him."
"Hey you know if you don't eat something soon, you will get us caught, and you know when that happens your whole family will be punished for it." Fex was now sitting on the floor calmly talking to Peter. Even though Peter had just tried to attack him, he was wondering why this person wasn't angry with him.
This was a first in Peter's whole life, if he ever tried fighting back even just once, then the punishment would come back around tenfold. He learned that quickly during his school days so he decided to never fight back again. But this time Peter was the one attacking someone, and it was clear this person was a lot stronger than him, so why wasn't he being hit, stabbed, burnt or even killed. Peter just couldn't understand it.
"What do you mean my family?" Peter finally answered. "They have nothing to do with this, they're just normal shopkeepers, keep them out of this. It was my fault that I attacked you, just punish me."
Hearing Peter's words, Fex felt like something wasn't quite right about this whole thing. However, he didn't have long to think about it, when suddenly out from the side a big line of red blood was shot out. Fex didn't even notice it until the last moment causing him to take the blow with his bare hands. He was pushed back a few feet before he could break the attack.
He wasn't wearing any beast gear on his body, and the same could be said for his hands as well. Blood was now dripping from his forearms where the attacks had wounded him. But what was most surprising to Fex was the fact that he recognized the attack. It was a blood attack that only other vampires could use.
When he looked up, he could see what could only be described as a demon. White hollow menacing eyes, with a mask in a Japanese demon design covering his mouth. As Peter looked up, he didn't even recognize the figure standing in front of him.
But of course, it was Quinn in his new suit.

EP-163 Vampire vs Vampire
"Is that thing even comfortable, I imagine it must be pretty tight down there?" Fex said sarcastically while glancing at the strange person's groin area.
While moving closer to the mysterious figure, Fex made sure not to make any sudden movements. The wounds on his forearms were already starting to heal, so they didn't bother him much anymore.
"Hey, I know you might just be trying to save this..." Fex then looked at Peter who was lying on the floor between them. "…Human, I guess. But I think you don't understand, I've tied him up for your and everybody else's safety. I suggest you go back home so we can forget any of this ever happened."
As he got closer Fex started to notice something, or rather the absence of something.
'Where's his scent? I'm not smelling anything from him.' He thought.
Usually, humans and vampires have this aroma around them, everybody has a specific smell. It was what attracted humans around them. Although vampires could suppress this to some extent, they could never completely get rid of it, especially not in front of other vampires.
But for the first time, he met a person who had no scent at all, because of this he couldn't identify this mysterious person or even guess his race, this made him a bit more careful around this suspicious person.
Quinn, on the other hand, had no clue of his suit's side effects. While wearing the mask, he wasn't able to use his nose to its full capacity. The suit that blocked out the sun, was also blocking out his smell.
Quinn's mind was occupied with other things right now, he was trying to decide if he had to kill this person or not.
The question was; Had Peter attacked this person to try and eat him, and did the person manage to defend himself, and also tie Peter up with his ability? Or had nothing happened yet, and had this person randomly attacked Peter and then tied him up.
For some reason Peter was very calm right now, this was not what Quinn had been expecting, because before he lost all sense of control over Peter through their bond.
Quinn's identity was still a secret, at least for now. His number one priority was getting Peter out of the situation and back to their dorm room. He could deal with any other issues later.
Quinn had a feeling from the way Fex was moving, that he was being cautious. If Quinn was going to dash for it to get Peter out, the most likely outcome would be that a fight was going to break out. If that was the case, it would be best if Quinn first found out his ability.
[Inspect]
[Name: Fex Sanguinis]
[Race: Vampire]
After seeing the information Quinn froze for a bit, he had to re-read it twice just to make sure what he saw was correct. After what the blonde vampire in the system had said he knew there had to be other vampires out there. But he never expected to see one in the same school as him.
Then a horrible thought ran through his mind, he remembered what the blonde vampire in the system had told him, now that he was a vampire they would come after him and be careful of them.
It was too soon, Quinn didn't even know how strong he was compared to other vampires. If this new vampire wanted to take Peter away then he could have him. Quinn wanted to change things, but that wasn't going to be possible with him dead.
But when Quinn tried to run away, something inside of him gave him a jolt, a force was pulling him towards Peter and refusing to let him leave. At the same time, Peter was feeling the same thing. Quinn then fell on one knee, breathing heavily.
"What is this?" Quinn asked.
"It's your family bond," the system explained. "The two of you are bonded by the magic of your blood. Similar to how Peter can never harm you as his master, you can never desert him."
"What is this vampire family crap," Quinn said as he got up from the floor.
If he couldn't run away without Peter, then he only had one choice.
[Skill shadow cloak activated]
Right in front of Fex's eyes, his opponent had disappeared, and without giving off any smell, it was hard for him to locate this person. "So it looks like you're going to try and fight me. Well, you made the wrong decision!"
Suddenly, a tingling feeling he felt in his neck alerted him that something was coming.
A claw-like blood mark randomly came out from his right side, and behind it, several more followed. However, before the attack left Quinn's hands, Fex was able to retaliate.
"Blood barrier." Swiping his hands upward, a thin red barrier was formed. As each swipe hit the barrier, it would shake a little but was completely unaffected by the attack.
But seeing Quinn's attack made Fex realise something. The attack produced just now was a blood swipe, it was the same basic skill all vampires were required to learn.
"Wait you're a vampire, we're on the same side, stop!" Fex shouted.
Even though Quinn could hear Fex's words, he chose to ignore them over the systems, this whole thing might have been an act.
[Daze]
[Daze skill failed]
Quinn was hoping the daze skill would go through allowing him to flash step behind his opponent and perform a hammer strike, but it failed to make him change plans.
Putting both of his hands together, Quinn formed a larger blood swipe throwing out a single large attack.
"Look, if this ghoul belongs to your family maybe I can help you, we can figure out something together." Seeing the red line of attack, Fex had no choice. He too placed both hands together and let out a blood swipe of his own.
Only his was significantly larger than Quinn's. As the two blood swipes collided, Fex consumed Quinn's and carried on going forward, the only thing Quinn could do was use his flash step to avoid the attack.
Quinn then activated his boots, if his Blood swipe wasn't strong enough then he would need to rely on his speed, he went in close and threw out a fist performing Blood spray at the same time. However, each attack was deflected by Fex.
After seeing Quinn struggling in hand to hand combat, Fex found everything quite strange. "Does he not even know the basic martial arts?" It was something all vampires were required to learn, but Quinn was throwing his punches out quite randomly, but then he also knew some advanced skills such as the flash step. So he couldn't be a beginner.
"If you keep going like this, you'll die before giving me a chance to help you," Fex said, with urgency in his voice.
Quinn had used up a lot of his HP, just trying to hit Fex even once, but nothing seemed to be working.
"Just get out of here!" Peter shouted. "Leave me, there's no point in both of us dying."
Once again, Fex was confused, but this time by the ghoul. If they belonged to the same family, the blood bond wouldn't allow one to be deserted in time of need.
With nothing working, Quinn only had one choice. He threw out a blood swipe and caught it using his shadow control, with the scythe being held in his hands and his suit of armour and mask on, he truly looked like a grim reaper.
"Is that the shadow ability, but that's been lost for years!" Fex said. "Just who is this guy?"
Suddenly, a beep was heard coming from all three of their watches. As they looked down, they noticed the time was 9:45. It was the fifteen-minute warning sound telling them curfew time was coming.

EP-164 Plan B initiated
*Beep*
When he was only a short distance away from the park, where he assumed Quinn was heading, his watch lit up and the sound of notification was heard. When he looked at the watch, the time stated that it was 9:45. This meant that they only had fifteen minutes before curfew time. In most cases, it wouldn't be so bad, since students would just be brought in and be punished a little.
But for Quinn and Vorden, who were already suspected of perpetrating a murder, it would look suspicious if the two of them were out at night after curfew and didn't have a good reason for it. Knowing this, Vorden had no choice but to turn around and head back to the dorms. He had to trust that Quinn would find Peter, and catch up to him in time.
****
Seeing the message on the watch, Quinn started to panic. If he wanted to make it back in time, he would need to leave now. He didn't have time to rescue Peter. Once again, when Quinn tried to move, he was stopped by the bond. He tried to force through, but it was pulling him down to the ground.
Fex could see something was up. "Hey, we need to get back, right?" Fex said. "That skinny guy said something about being in our rooms before ten. I don't know why you're attacking me, but you need to understand we're on the same side."
Fex looked at Peter and had a little hunch on what the latter was thinking, but it wasn't something he could confirm right now.
"Look, you aren't meant to be here, neither am I, so I won't tell anyone about you. I'll leave it in your hands, but if you need any help, then I suggest that you come to me."
Soon after, a cloud of mist filled the air where Fex was once standing. As the mist started to disappear, it looked like Fex was vanishing away with it.
"Is he gone?" Quinn asked.
"That mist is a transformation spell." The system explained. "Most likely, he has turned into something that allows him to pick up more speed."
With that knowledge, a weight was lifted from his shoulders, but there was still another problem weighing on his mind, and he was soon reminded of it.
Peter started to scream at the top of his lungs. It felt like he was being stabbed repeatedly in his stomach, and as his hunger grew, so did his strength. The tight strings that were once holding him down were starting to snap one by one.
"Quinn, quickly, give him some of your blood. It will only be temporary, but it should calm him down as you have more control over him." Said the system.
Quinn used shadow equipment to put his equipment back into his dimensional space, including the suit and the mask he was wearing. Then, using the tip of his tooth, he bit down on his thumb, causing blood to be drawn. He walked closer to Peter, and after just taking a few steps, Peter lifted his head and turned it towards Quinn.
A snarling sound was made as if to give a warning for Quinn not to get any closer. Peter's eyes were now red once again, and his fangs were on full display.
"Are you sure he won't hurt me?!" Quinn said.
"Positive! Vampires have a set of rules that they must follow, otherwise, their powers will begin to retaliate against them. Remember how you felt just moments ago when you tried to flee, right? No matter how hard you fought against it, it was impossible to fight back. It will be the same for him if he tries to hurt you."
Looking at Peter who continued to snarl at him, he still wasn't quite sure whether to believe the system or not, but he had no choice. Peter was like this because of him, and now, there was no going back.
The snarling persisted as he went forward, but exactly as the system had said, even though Quinn was practically holding Peter's head, he never tried to bite him. Quinn then lifted his hand and started to squeeze the blood from it, allowing it to drip into Peter's mouth. Just like that, in almost an instant, Peter started to calm down.
"How long will this last?" Quinn asked.
"Long enough." The system replied.
Placing Peter on his back, and equipping his Beast boots, he activated his wind walk. He no longer had any time to take it easy, so he ran as fast as he could back to the school without any intention of slowing down.
****
Vorden had safely made it back into the room on time, and Layla had left long before to go back to her dorm room. In the kitchen, laid out on the table, he had gotten what looked like a meat cleaver. "Okay Vorden, you can do this."
"I can't believe you're going this far!" Raten said.
"I have to, otherwise Peter will endanger us all."
"Then just kill the guy! I'll even do it for you like the last time," Raten replied.
"But Quinn doesn't want that, and Sil is finally starting to change. We can't have him go back to how he once was." Vorden said, for once Raten didn't have a stinging reply.
Vorden then placed his arm on the table, laying it flat, while grabbing the meat cleaver with the other. "Here goes nothing!" He swung it down, but at the last second, he stopped just inches above his limb.  "I can't do it. How can anyone cut their arm off?"
A thud sound was heard in the room, and as Vorden looked up, he could see that Quinn had arrived while bearing Peter on his back. The two of them had come through the broken window.
"Looks like I just made it in time," Quinn said relieved.
The sound on their watches went off again, indicating that it was now ten o'clock. A ping would then be sent to the security office, revealing the location of all those who were not located in their rooms at that moment.
However, as soon as Peter had entered the room, the smell of fresh human flesh had entered his nose, and he once again succumbed to his crazed self. Quinn quickly held him down using all of his strength, but the struggle was tough. It felt like Peter was just as strong as Quinn. The only thing that he could do was to put on his gauntlets, but if he did, the second he let go of Peter, he knew he would go after Vorden.
"Now is not the time to be hesitating!" Vorden said, but once again, as he looked at the meat cleaver and his hand, his heart started beating like crazy.
"Argh, you big bastard. Let me do it," Raten said as he took control of the seat. Without hesitation, Raten swung the meat cleaver down onto his arm. Unlike Vorden though, he didn't hesitate one bit.
Still, the bone was thick and he wasn't able to cut off the arm cleanly in one go. Blood kept on spilling out of the wound. Raten lifted it and continued to hack at his limb until eventually, his arm had completely come off.
"Here you go!" Vorden said as he chucked over his arm towards Quinn and Peter.
*****

Ep-165 Family Ques
Vorden looked down at the meat cleaver, it was covered in blood and so was the kitchen counter where he had cut his arm off, strangely there wasn't any blood on the hand holding the cleaver.
"Vorden, are you okay?" Quinn asked, with a worried expression on his face.
"Don't worry, I'll be fine," Vorden replied with a little smile. "Guess we needed plan B more than we thought."
When Quinn looked at Vorden he had expected to see blood gushing from the wound where he had cut off his arm, instead, he saw that the wound had closed itself and was already starting to heal bit by bit.
At the same time, Peter was still gnawing away on Vorden's arm, entirely focused on devouring its skin and bone. Vorden felt a bit strange, seeing Peter eating his arm right in front of him. Instinctively he grabbed at his arm, he felt the part below his elbow was already starting to grow back, this made him sigh in relief, luckily the healing ability he acquired was already starting to work.
"I hope this is going to be enough for him because I don't feel like going through this again... today," Vorden said.
"It should be, when he's finished eating he will calm down a bit," Quinn replied. He was just repeating the words of the system right now because he wasn't sure of anything anymore. When Peter finally finished eating the arm, Quinn felt strange energy surging through his body, it felt the same as the first time Peter ate human flesh.
It was a strange situation for Peter because he was aware of everything that was happening, but he didn't have control over his body, because he was fully consumed by his hunger.
Looking at Vorden, Peter noticed his arm was missing. With fear in his voice, he stammered, "Vorden... your arm... I don't know..." Peter felt appalled with himself.
"This thing?" Vorden said as he lifted his stump. "Don't worry about it, in a few hours it will have grown back. This was our backup plan in case you lost control before we had found a permanent solution for you. I just didn't want you thinking of me like a chicken nugget you can eat whenever you get hungry." Vorden said, trying to lighten the mood. "Before coming back to our room, I went down to the canteen and copied the ability of a student who has regenerative power. We didn't expect you to be hungry so soon after you fed on Earl yesterday."
All three of them were silent for a while, they were thinking about the crazy situation that they were in right now. After some time Peter broke the silence, "Thank you, both of you. You have always been nice to me, and treated me right, even after I betrayed you, you still saved my life, and even now you went to such lengths to help me."
As they looked around the room they realized how much of a mess they had made. There was a big hole in the window where Peter had smashed through it, and shards of broken glass could be seen underneath it. Blood was all over the place: on the kitchen counter, on the floor where Peter had devoured the arm, even on the ceiling from when the arm had flown through the air.
"Well, I guess we better get started with cleaning this place before anyone finds out what happened here," Quinn said.
Each of them took their turn cleaning up the place but there wasn't much they could do about some areas, they couldn't magically restore a window, and the scratches made on the wooden floor could only be fixed so much.
When Vorden was cleaning the kitchen counter he said, "Hey Quinn, you fancy a drink?" At the same time, he was squeezing some blood from a towel.
Quinn was amazed at how Vorden could still crack a joke in a situation like this, but then again nothing ever seemed to faze the guy. Since turning into a vampire, Quinn wasn't affected much by the sight of blood anymore, even Peter eating Vorden's arm didn't bother him much. What surprised him was how well Vorden was handling it.
While they were busy cleaning up, Quinn had the chance to ask the system some questions, because right now he had a lot of them. "Do you know how long Peter will be required to eat human flesh?" Quinn asked.
"Well for once I have some good news for you, Peter is the type of ghoul that needs to be fed daily." The system responded.
"If that is good news you have some sick sense of humour." Quinn thought.
"Just wait, young one, the ones that require food more often, quickly get stronger, if you carry on feeding Peter for a week then by the end of it he should evolve?"
In the middle of their conversation, a notification screen popped up.
[New quest received!]
[Make your family stronger]
[2/7 feed your ghoul (Peter) seven different types of human flesh]
[Reward: Family member evolution]
"Well, will you look at that, it looks like my hunch was right." The system said.
Quinn found the words of the system strange, was he not in charge of everything? Until this point, he thought that AI and the systems were the same things, but that didn't seem to be the case.
"I thought you made the quests?" Quinn asked.
"Me?" the system replied. "I see why you would think so, I was designed after the original owner, the person whose idea it was to create the system. My thoughts, my actions, everything is based around him. However, the system itself was created by someone else, and before you ask, the man often changed names throughout time so even if I told you his name, you wouldn't know who he is."
Since there wasn't much Quinn could do about the system for now and it wasn't a problem he decided to focus on the other matter. Looking at the quest he noticed something that would cause them even more problems. The quest stated that they would need seven different types of human flesh. Just like Quinn with his blood, he would only get stronger when consuming a new person's blood, the same could be said for Peter, who would have to consume different types of flesh.
"If, and I mean a big IF," Quinn said. "If we carry on using Vorden, will it still suppress his hunger?"
"Yes, although he won't be able to evolve as quickly."
Looking at Vorden's stump it had now grown back to the point where it was just starting to form the wrist. He hated the fact that he had to rely on Vorden and using him would only be delaying the inevitable, right now he needed to find a solution as fast as possible.
While these thoughts ran through his mind, he remembered the fight he had with Fex. Just before they left he said: "If he needs any help he can seek him out". Quinn had no idea if he could trust him or not, and if the two of them got into a fight again he knew in his current state he would lose.
Although Quinn didn't get hurt during the fight he also wasn't able to land a single blow, and it looked like the number of skills Fex had surpassed his own. The only thing Quinn had that could give him an advantage was his shadow ability. However, at the same time, he still hadn't seen what Fex's ability was or if he even had one.
But with no plans of his own and no guidance from the system, who else could he go to, to ask for help. He wouldn't be able to attack him while they were in the school. Vampires were a secret to the world and he was sure Fex would want to keep it that way as well. It was a risk but he would have to confront Fex and ask for his help.
*****

EP-166 Tricking Duke
In the morning Quinn and Peter didn't go down to the canteen for breakfast, they had decided to stay in their dorm room. While Vorden still had the regenerative ability, he had decided to cut off another one of his limbs, but Vorden looked scared about cutting off his body part again. At first, Quinn was against him doing it again, but Vorden had convinced him it was necessary to make sure Peter wouldn't go crazy with hunger again today.
When Quinn had finally agreed, they decided to cut off a bigger limb, because it would give Peter more meat to feed on. Eventually, they chose to cut off one of Vorden's legs.
Quinn couldn't bear for Vorden to go through so much pain again, that's why he offered to help, with his greater strength he was able to cut through the entire leg in one clean stroke. It took Quinn some time to mentally prepare for it, but he finally convinced himself that it would mean less pain for Vorden, which gave him the resolve he needed to do it.
Vorden looked scared when Quinn was about to cut his limb off, but all of a sudden his facial expression changed, instead of fear it now showed anger. Vorden shouted at Quinn, "Just do it, you little wimp!"
After eating human flesh for two days in a row, it seemed like normal raw meat was no longer an option for Peter, when he tried to eat it, he immediately threw it back up, like his body was rejecting the raw animal meat. From now on Peter would only be able to eat raw human flesh. Quinn was quite upset about this because he didn't want to see Vorden go through this painful process again. Quinn now wanted Peter to evolve as soon as possible, as hopefully, this would help with Peter's dietary problems.
After Vorden went down to the canteen to eat, Peter was looking at the black bag with Vorden's leg in it. He couldn't stop himself from drooling, and his saliva was dripping out of his mouth and falling onto the floor.
"Are you going to eat that or what? Don't let Vorden's sacrifice go to waste." Quinn said while holding a glass of Vorden's blood in his hand. They had collected it after cutting Vorden's arm off, it would have been a shame to let it go to waste.
Quinn swirled the blood around in the glass before he drank it all in one big gulp. It tasted nice and sweet, and when he was finished drinking he had a smile on his face.
"How do you do it?" Peter asked with awe and horror on his face. "How can you be so calm about it all? How do you deal with this sudden change so easily?"
"Trust me on this one Peter, at first I didn't," Quinn replied looking pensive. "Think of it this way, everyone has multiple sides that they show to people, they are different with their family members, compared to their friends, and they are different with their girlfriends compared to their family and friends. But does that mean those other sides don't exist when they are with different people? We choose to show people which side of us we want them to see, this way different people will form different opinions of us. I was scared too, but I choose not to show it to others. I was also very lucky that I found someone who helped me deal with everything."
As he was saying this to Peter, his mind had immediately gone to Layla. Like he told Peter, he was extremely lucky that she was the first person who found out about his secret. Since she found out she had been nothing but supportive, she also helped him learn a lot about being a vampire. He wondered how different things might have been if it wasn't for her.
While Quinn was talking to him Peter had been trying to hold back from eating the leg that was in front of him. However he could no longer stop himself, as Peter started chomping down on Vorden's leg, Quinn turned around to look away, even though it didn't bother him much it still felt wrong to him looking at one friend eating another friend's leg. Quinn also realized he thought of Peter as a friend again, he suspected the strange bond between them might have something to do with this.
When Vorden was done with breakfast, he had returned to the dorm room to collect Peter, he knocked on the door and asked Peter to come out, he didn't go in because he didn't want to see Peter eating his leg.
Because the two days of rest were over, every student was required to start training in their combat classes again. Peter was still registered in the elemental ability class. He was currently known as an earth user, and Vorden had a feeling that Duke was keeping an eye on him.
After Peter had told them that Duke had gifted him with the level two, three and four earth ability books, Vorden was puzzled by this, he couldn't understand why Duke had given Peter those books. The only thing they knew was that for whatever reason, Duke wanted Peter to become a level four earth ability user.
The three of them split up, Peter and Vorden went to the elemental class, while Quinn went to his combat class. Now that Peter had been fed twice in a short time, the system assured Quinn that he could last at least twenty-four hours before he needed to feed again. At that time Quinn needed to come up with a solution, or if he couldn't, he would have to find Fex and ask him for help.
****
Vorden and Peter were together in the elemental class, however, they pretended to no longer be on speaking terms with each other, of course, Vorden still kept an eye on him, but he made sure to stay a few meters apart from Peter, or to always have a few other people between them.
Their teacher was currently making a demonstration, she was showing the different uses of her water ability. She was trying to teach the students that with a little bit of creativity in the use of their respective elements they could even make their skills.
All the students were gathered around her, and they were watching her display.
While everyone was looking at the teacher, Vorden noticed that a couple of students had come over to where Peter was standing, and it looked like they were nudging him a bit. The three of them started to move away from the crowd, towards the back of the classroom, out of sight of the main group of students.
'Are they working for Duke?' Vorden thought. 'They won't do anything to him here, and Peter has just been fed so he shouldn't go on another rampage.'
Peter had never seen these two students before and was a bit afraid, but when they approached him, and he saw they both had power levels of 2.4 and 2.6 he was no longer worried. One of the students whispered into Peter's ear, "Move to the back of the classroom". Once they were at the back, one of them whispered again saying, "Duke has a message for you, make sure you bring your earth ability up to level four by the end of the week, if you do there will be even more rewards for you."
Peter agreed because he didn't know what else to do. As he looked down at his watch, all he could see was the number one. Now that he had become a ghoul he couldn't even use his earth ability anymore, he was wondering how he was going to solve this in a week. 'Quinn can change the number on his watch by tapping it, maybe I can ask him how he does that?' Peter thought.
*****
Fex had woken up that morning and tried his best to fit in during his time at school. He hadn't thought much about what happened last night, and he didn't care that much about it. He was just trying to help a fellow vampire out, but if they didn't want his help that was their choice.
After staying at the school for only two days Fex had already learnt something, life at the school was quite boring. He had gone out to the city to talk to others and experienced some new things, but doing things alone on his own sucked. For some reason the other students were ignoring him, he chalked this up to being the new kid.
Fex didn't know the real reason for this was that his watch was displaying he had a power level of one. When he made his plan to explain his ability to the school, he hadn't realized there was so much discrimination towards weak people at this school.
When coming to the human world he was hoping to try new things and meet people but right now he was wondering if he had made a mistake. Then he remembered there was one person that had spoken to him, although it wasn't a very pleasant meeting, he still remembered it. The first student that he had met was Erin.
After doing a bit of research of his own he was able to find out her name as well as her schedule. Because Fex was a new student he had to decide which combat class he wanted to go to, and after finding out Erin went to the beast weapon's class, Fex knew what class he wanted to sign up for.
*****

EP-167 Hand to Hand
Images would appear of certain people doing strange things with each other.
Although Quinn had no clue what was going on, he was just happy it didn't seem like she was freaking out about the whole thing. It seemed like since Erin didn’t have any clue about vampires during her childhood, the revelation didn’t come off as a shock to her. On the way there, Quinn was thinking of possible safe ways to approach Fex. He would need to talk to him in a public place where he couldn't use his abilities as freely, but before that he needed to find out what class he was in or where he was.
They arrived in the large training hall, and Leo was there as usual. They hadn't seen each other since he had saved them from the Dalki and the girls were a lot warmer to him now. As soon as they entered, Leo looked over in their direction and smiled.
"If I didn't know any better, I would have thought he could see us. " Layla said.
"He probably just knows where the entrance is, and when he heard footsteps, he smiled at us," Erin replied.
But Quinn had a feeling that wasn't true, as he hadn't seen Leo smile at the other students before, and it seemed to be only directed at the three. What they didn't know was Quinn's aura was always easy to spot, and as soon as he stepped into the room, Leo immediately knew it was Quinn.
This time Leo gathered all the students at the front of the training hall where a small platform had been raised. The platform was a similar size to a boxing ring, only there were no ropes, and it was raised about a foot off the ground. Leo stood on top of this platform as he explained the upcoming lesson to everyone.
However, just before the lesson started, a new student had entered the room. Leo was completely distracted as he noticed something, this student had the same aura as Quinn did.
"Hey, this is the Beast Weapons class, right?" Fex said as he walked through.
"Who's that?"
"I think it's a new student."
"This late into the term, that means he must be a draft evader."
When they looked at Fex, their interest quickly died down after seeing he only had the number one on his watch. He wasn't even worth getting to know, and it would only waste their time. Seeing this, Fex was once again annoyed.
'What is wrong with these people,' Fex thought.
As he said those words, he started to sniff about in the air. Something seemed to catch his attention. He moved closer to the smell until finally, he realised where it was coming from.
Quinn and Fex looked at each other. They both knew instantly that this was the person who they had fought last night. Fex gave Quinn one look up and down before walking off to find his spot to watch the lesson.
This reaction surprised Quinn, to say the least.
'Isn't he going to say anything? I'm sure he realised I was the person fighting him last night. If I can smell him, he can smell me.' Quinn thought.
But Fex wasn't bothered by other people's business, and that included Vampires, he already gave out a lending hand, and if Quinn didn't want to take it, that was fine with him. As long as Quinn didn't try to get in his way, then there was no trouble between the two.
The lesson had started, but it was hard for Quinn to concentrate. Still, the lesson seemed to be an important one, so Quinn tried his best to listen.
"As you all know, we have been learning the basics of each weapon. I haven't taught you how to use each weapon individually but only explained how to activate the Beast Weapons power for a greater result." Leo explained as he drew out his katana blade. "But there will be times where one's weapon will break or certain weapons will prove ineffective against the enemy."
Leo then threw his blade at the wall behind him. It flew fast, and half of the blade managed to go into the wall until it stopped. "In these times we will have to use our fists."
The students started to mumble, using fists against beats and the Dalki sounded barbaric to them, almost suicidal.
"If we have abilities, why would we rely on our hands?"
"Yeah, and even then if I didn't have a beast weapon or was too tired to use my ability, surely guns would be better?"
The students started to mock and laugh at Leo quietly.
"I see, so you think that today's lesson is pointless, correct?" Leo asked.
They were unaware that Leo could hear everything they were saying.
Suddenly, Leo started to tear off his military clothing and underneath he revealed a chest piece armour that had the face of a demon on it. That's when the students also noticed he was even wearing beast gear on his feet as well.
Erin, Layla and Quinn all had seen this equipment before, it was the same equipment Leo had worn when he killed the Dalki.
"You all know that our old technology, our weapons were useless against them, and our nuclear weapons were rendered useless before we even had the chance to try them. Even armour piercing bullets from a sniper rifle at most could knock a single scaled Dalki back. However, when activating the beast gear, the higher-level tier of equipment, the more empowered our bodies to become." Leo said.
At first, the students thought they imagined it, but they could all see clearly that the Blackish armour around Leo's chest was starting to light up and turn red, little particles of steam were emerging from the piece as well.
"Right now if I was to throw a fist with all my force, I could crumble the foundations of this entire building." The steam started to disappear, and the chest piece's colour started to return to normal.
At that time, the students realised a certain pressure had disappeared as if they were under a gravity heavier than they were used to had disappeared from the room. They didn't need Leo to demonstrate, they could all feel the power he held in his hands.
"So they finally figured out how to properly use the power of the beasts, huh," Fex said. "Well, it looks like they advanced quicker than my father said they would."
"The power of the fist is useless if you cannot hit your opponent, or if you do not know how to throw a punch," Leo explained. "So for today's lesson, I shall be showing you a basic martial art that all soldiers are required to learn. For this, I will need a volunteer."
Leo then started to look around the room until his head had stopped at one person.
"Quinn, how about another spar with me?"
*****

EP-168 Martial Arts
Having no good excuse to refuse, Quinn walked up onto the platform.
"Hey did that student always look like that?" A student asked.
"I think so. I'm not sure I didn't pay any attention to him before."
"It's a shame he is only a level one. Otherwise, he would be good boyfriend material." A female student said.
Ever since evolving into a vampire Quinn's looks had slightly changed. He was no longer the weak skinny frail him. his body had filled up, and he looked like he had a proportion of muscles all over. The students never paid much attention to Quinn in the first place, other than those that saw him as a target to pick on. Now standing in front of the class they were able to see him better.
Quinn and Leo were standing at opposite ends of the platform. "Now for this session once again I would like you all to not use any of your abilities, later on, we will try to learn how to combine your abilities with our fists to make more of an impact but for now forget about it," Leo explained as he looked at Quinn. "Okay, when you are ready I want you to come at me and don't pull any punches."
Leo assumed a fighting stance and at the same time, a quest appeared directly in front of Quinn.
[High-level opponent detected]
[Defeat the opponent in battle. Reward: Instant Level Up]
It seemed like the reward for winning the fight was the same as last time. Although Quinn didn't feel like he could beat Leo anytime soon.
But the quest reward did give Quinn an idea. So far each level up required him to earn double the amount of EXP before. However, this changed when he evolved at Level 10. If at every ten levels he was to evolve then Quinn could time it right and challenge Leo to a fight at level 19.
The problem then was if he was to level up in front of Leo and the evolution process started straight away what would he do then? As he got used to the system, Quinn had to start thinking about how to utilise it to give him an advantage over others.
'Let's see if you are the person from last night.' Fex though standing by the sidelines. it was unlikely there was more than one vampire here. There were often vampires, sent as scouts at the military base, but they would be disguised as high ranking officials. But Fex had never heard of one of these scouts being a student.
"Do you think Quinn will do okay?" Layla asked Erin.
"Do you not remember what Leo did to that Dalki. It didn't even take him that long, while the five of us including Quinn struggled." Erin replied. "I admit, Quinn is strong and I hate to say this, from what I saw probably stronger than me. But we're just students and nothing compared to the ones above."
The fight had started and while Leo didn't move at all, Quinn started to dash in as fast as he could. He didn't have any of his beats gear on so his stats were lower than usual but he also wasn't being affected by the sunlight so much.
"Wow, he's quite fast." Seeing Quinn dash from his position, he was certainly fast, but not fast enough for people to think of it as an ability.
Quinn threw out a punch fast but didn't add any of his blood skills. He knew he was limited by what he could use in front of everyone but he still wanted to test himself after not being able to land a punch yesterday.
However, Leo was able to move his head to avoid it—Quinn then changed his fist and went to grab Leo instead. He hoped to throw Leo to the ground but it was too late. The man had already pivoted on his foot and went for a spin—while doing so he lifted his other leg in the air and managed to kick Quinn right in the head. At first, Quinn thought he could take the blow from the older man but he quickly realised his mistake.
The force was strong and caused Quinn to fall to the ground.
"Again!" Leo said.
Although the force was strong enough to cause him to fall it didn't do much damage to a body like Quinn's. He tried attacking again throwing punches of his own, but every time his attacks would come close, Leo would move or using the palm of his hands deflect the strikes. then when he was attacking he would use his legs.
The confrontation lasted about ten minutes and finally, Quinn was starting to get worn out by the whole thing.
'Yep, those sloppy punches of his, that's the person I fought with yesterday.' Fex thought.
"Okay, that's enough," Leo said.
Quinn was now huffing and panting a little, even though he hadn't used any advanced abilities, like the flash step or hammer strike, it seemed to be more tiring fighting against Leo.
During the fight, Leo had displayed many different techniques but what stood out to the students was how he thought. There was a style they all recognised. He would always use the palm of his hands for defence, and whenever he was attacking, he would use his legs.
"What you have just witnessed is the martial art we teach our soldiers here. It is named the Pugna style. A mixture of Karate amongst other things with the hands, while using a form of taekwondo in our legs. It's important, the reach in our legs is longer and more powerful than in our arms. but our arms are more versatile and flexible."
Leo then started to look at the crowd of students again. "Is there anyone here who would like to have a go? This is your chance to have a one on one battle with your teacher here."
Most of the students were nervous. They didn't have many hands to hand combat experience because they focused on using their abilities or training with weapons most of the time. Other than the street fighting they did in school they all felt it would be embarrassing for them if they were to go up.
Out of all the students there, a single person had his hand raised. "I wouldn't mind having a crack at it." A student announced as he sauntered forward out of the crowd.
When He came into view, Quinn was surprised to see who it was. 'Just what is he thinking?' Quinn thought.
"Oh, if it isn't the newbie," Leo said with a smile.
Sweeping his black hair back with his hand and taking a look at Quinn, Fex had a big smile on his face.
"Bring it on."
*****

EP-169 Vampire VS Elder
Before heading up to the stage, Fex looked around the room and spotted Erin, to his surprise she was standing right next to Quinn.
"He didn't already make her his, did he, But how? My charm didn't even work against her." Fex said. "Still, it doesn't seem like she's been blooded by anyone, maybe I can still use her?"
The group caught Fex looking over in their direction, the next thing they noticed was a cheesy wink with a smile.
Seeing this, they all wondered who the wink was directed at and cringed a little inside.
"That wink wasn't towards you was it?" Layla asked thinking it was meant for Quinn.
"I guess?" Quinn replied, it had to be at him he thought, he was the only one who knew who Fex was and he was looking right at them.
Although the wink was directed at Erin, she had no clue of this either, in fact, she could hardly remember seeing the boy. The only thing she could remember was the embarrassment she had to face in front of that cheesy guy and her face would heat up. 
"Maybe he has a thing for you?" Layla said.
Layla's words had jolted Erin's memory, and she remembered where she had seen the boy before. “This guy was the reason for my utter embarrassment!” she thought to herself while biting her lips. This guy caught her in the library reading a particular book.
"Yeah, that has to be the reason," Erin said nervously. She felt like the wink must have been a sign, perhaps he was planning to use it as blackmail against her. Tell everyone that she read those type of books. If others were to find out, her family even. She would be shamed for having such a dirty mind.
She needed to keep the boy silent no matter what.
Now Fex and Leo were up on stage and even Quinn was a little excited to see the outcome of the match. He had fought with both of them and pretty much lost. Still, he was unable to get either of them to show their full strength.
"Hey, Quinn," Layla whispered. "Is he a vampire as well?"
"How did you know?" Quinn thought. Unless she had a nose like his, Fex looked just like every other human.
"Well, you've been acting strangely ever since he got in here, and you did tell us someone attacked you last night right. Well, who do you think is going to win?" She asked.
"I'm not sure. I was just thinking that myself if it was just hand to hand combat, I felt more useless fighting against Leo. Not only that but, Leo has years of experience. I just can't see a student beating him."
Layla then went to have a closer look at Fex; he did indeed seem young. The same age as all of them. "Well if it's like the books I've read, vampires can live for a lot longer than humans, some of them are eternal, so maybe he looks young just because he wants to."
"Is that true?" Quinn asked the system.
"Yes, Vampires can slow down the ageing process, although there are methods to do this. A vampire can either go into eternal slumber. It's a method they use to stop their heart beating and everything inside their body. In a way, it's a near death-like state. The only way to wake a Vampire from eternal slumber is to have them take a drop of blood from the same family. During this period they will not age, and their body will not deteriorate, the second method, well let's just say the second method isn't very nice."
Quinn had long learnt if the system didn't want to elaborate on any details, even if Quinn asked, it would choose to remain quiet. It made him wonder just who was able to create such an advanced AI, to the point where it seemed no different from a human. No technology that he knew of, was able to do that yet.
"Well, if this Vampire is a lot older than he looks then maybe he and Leo will be evenly matched," Quinn replied.
"I doubt that." The system added. "The boy in front of you, I don't have any memory of him in our records and the way he acts, would also suggest he has a young mind. If I was to take a guess, he should be no older than you."
Watching this fight would be an excellent insight for Quinn. He still had no idea how strong other vampires were and this would be his first look at another one for him.
Leo got into the same fighting stance as before and moved his fingers, telling Fex to come forward. Unlike Quinn, Fex didn't rush ahead and calmly walked over. Then when their fists were a touching distance away. Fex got into a fighting stance of his own.
When looking at the two, their fighting stances were quite different. Leo had both hands out in front of him, similar to Karate or a little like boxing, while Fex had both hands down by his side but his knees were slightly bent. Slowly Fex was circling Leo.
The tension was high, not knowing when either of them would attack.
Fex was the first to strike; he came in throwing his fists in quick succession, two to the head and then another to the body. However, just like before, by using his palms, Leo was able to knock them away.
'He could block them!' Fex thought. 'But I only pulled back on my speed a little, I was sure from watching the match earlier this would be fast enough.'
After blocking the attacks, Leo followed up with a kick aimed toward Fex's head.
Seeing this, Fex jumped Back and tried to grab the leg, but at the last second, it seemed like the angle had changed causing Fex's grab to miss.
'Again, it's like he knows what I'm going to do.' Fex inwardly was starting to get annoyed.
Then while bringing his leg back, he was able to catch Fex on the head with the heel of his foot.
"He didn't use that against the last student? " Someone from the crowd said.
Touching the mark on his face Fex smiled. "Looks like I need to bring it up a notch."
Fex went in and did the same, throwing punches rapidly only this time, in the same amount of time he had thrown three to the head and three to the body. Leo was able to block the first three and the second two but the last one had gotten in and hit him in the stomach. He felt the powerful blow that had the weight of a hammer but didn't let it distract him from throwing out his sequence of kicks.
The fight now continued with no breaks in between, while one focused on their fists, the other focused on using their legs to attack. They would block each other's strikes while hitting each other once in the while.
'Ha, I don't know what father was talking about, they aren't weak at all.' As the fight continued, Fex got more excited, and he started putting more power into his punches. It got to the point where it was power beyond a regular human with no ability.
Leo could feel this and could sense the energy inside him getting wilder. At first, he thought he had never seen such a fighting style or martial art before, So Leo decided to lead him on, hoping he would reveal everything he had, but perhaps he had played with the boy too long.
While looking at his energy grew wilder and stronger, it started to remind Leo of the Dalki and this soured his mood.
It brought back specific memories. He started to remember that there was one time he had faced something similar. It was a Dalki. Usually, the Dalki were reckless when they fought, but the toughest opponent Leo ever had to face, was one which knew how to use martial arts skills and right now, the resemblance was too close.
'Why did this boy 's fighting style seem similar to the Dalki’s?' Leo thought.
*****

EP-170 A Bloody Kick
However, Leo felt like he had allowed the fight to go on for too long, turning Fex into an over-confident lad. Although he was banned from using his abilities, Leo's was slightly different compared to the others. His ability was always on. He needed it since he used it as a type of vision for himself. Since he was blind, he would constantly activate his ability to see the aura of living things around him. In turn, this also allowed him to see the flow of energy in his opponent's body.
When an opponent attacks, their energy flow would move before the body of the person did. This was the same when a person used their abilities as well. If Leo concentrated by just a half, he could change his vision to almost a birds-eye view. Being able to sense all those around him, it was thanks to this skill that he was able to survive countless near-death situations during the war.
However, even if others were to have this ability, it would be useless in the hands of someone unable to exploit it.
Fex threw out stiff and straight fast blows with his fist, but knowing what he was going to do beforehand, Leo was able to block all of the attacks.
'What? But I was sure I increased the speed quick enough so he wouldn't be able to block it.' Fex thought.
Then, when Leo prepared for a kick, he still could see where Fex was planning to dodge. Using his other foot, he was able to shift his weight and change direction. It landed right in Fex's face, but Leo didn't stop there since he knew the damage was minuscule. He continued to kick in rapid successions, aiming for where Fex would be each time.
'Can he read my mind? What's going on?' Fex asked himself out of frustration. Even he was unable to comprehend what was happening.
When the kicks stopped for a breath of a second, Fex thought he had finally gotten a break, but before he could do anything, another kick was aimed at him from above - An axe kick which slammed down on the back of his head as hard as he could. The blow was harder than Fex thought it would be so he was unable to prepare himself in time, his legs gave in and his head bounced off of the ground.
He laid there, lying lifelessly on the floor.
"Did Leo just kill him?" A student said.
"Isn't that going too far for a simple student?"
Before Leo himself had realised it, he had been too consumed by his past memories. It had affected his usual clear mind. However, he knew the student was safe since his aura was still burning brightly.
Fex slowly started to get up, pushing his body up with his arms, with his nose slightly bent.
"Unfortunately, I didn't expect to meet such a skilled student hence I might have taken the fight a little too seriously," Leo said. "Just think that you were lucky. If I was using a sword in this match, you wouldn't be alive."
Standing on the sidelines, Quinn was a little worried. This loss might have hurt Fex's pride, causing him to go on a rampage. If that happened, he didn't know what to do. But then, Fex's next actions surprised him.
"Thank you for the battle, teacher. You have taught me how useful your martial arts truly are." Fex said as he bowed down and walked off of the stage.
"Wait!" Leo said. "Please tell me, where did you learn to fight like that?" Leo had wanted to fight Fex after realising that he and Quinn carried the same aura. Quinn excited him by showing amazing growth each time, and he had expected Fex to be the same. Yet, Fex was different - He was a few levels above Quinn.
"As you can see, my ability is only level 1. My family has always been weak, so we decided to train in the form of martial arts to help build a good foundation. "Fex answered.
After hearing this, the students quickly remembered that Fex was only a level one. When they witnessed how good he was at fighting, some of them had the idea of recruiting him for the next portal outing. Still, no matter how skilled he was at fighting, it wouldn't help him against beasts. Unlike Leo who had the power of the beast gear helping him, they all felt like Fex could never obtain a piece of equipment that high in level.
It was a strange situation. He could be useful if he had high-level equipment, but he would have to be strong enough to get the high-level equipment in the first place. The only way they felt like Fex could move up the ladder was to swear loyalty to a faction or the military, helping him raise his ability to the point where he could get the appropriate gear. And only then would he become someone who would be a threat.
Of course, Fex's ability wasn't level one, but due to the watch being unable to detect a Vampire's Mc points, it displayed level one. As Fex walked back to the crowd, he Quickly snapped his nose back into place. He also had bruise marks all over his body, but they would soon heal, so there wasn't much to worry about.
With the two demonstrations over, it was time for Leo to start the class. Everyone was asked to spread out so they would have space of their own in the room. The first thing Leo started to demonstrate was the kicks. He proceeded to demonstrate different types of kicks one by one, and the rest of the class would follow step by step.
It felt a bit awkward at first, and most of the students who had never done such a thing found it quite difficult. However, Quinn's body was more flexible and agile than most, allowing him to perform the moves quicker and learn them faster than the others.
Leo could see this, and once again, was impressed with how Quinn was performing, then when he looked at the other person he was interested in, he felt a little disappointed.
Fex had decided not to bother learning the kicks properly. It wasn't because he thought they were useless or not helpful, he just found out first-hand how good the techniques were, but it was because vampires were very traditional. If they were to alter their arts or try to use something else, they would not be happy with him at all.
While performing the different sets of kicks, Quinn started thinking. While punching, he was able to combine the blood spray with it. While throwing his fist, he used his blood swipe. Perhaps, there might be some way to combine the blood swipe with his kicks, creating a new skill of his own. Although, he would have to wait to practice this on his own later.
Leo had demonstrated a total of three different kicks; one was the roundhouse kick, which was a kick that came out from the side; the other was using their dominant foot, then they also had to practice the kick using their subdominant foot; the third kick was the axe kick performed at the end, lifting the leg upward and then down using your heel to hit the enemy.
Once he had finished demonstrating all the kicks, it was time for them to test them out against each other. Leo asked the group to get into pairs and spar with each other. However, they were only allowed to perform these three kicks with each other while only blocking using their legs or dodging.
This was Quinn's chance to approach Fex as he could see he was all on his own since no one wanted to pair up with him.
*****

EP-171 A Condition
Seeing this, it was Quinn's chance to approach Fex. He was in a public place with students loitering around, so he wouldn't be able to try anything funny, and if he did, for whatever reason, go out of control, there was one person in the room who could deal with him, that was Leo.
While Fex was looking around the room for Erin, he noticed that she had already teamed up with Layla, and had lost his chance to get close to her. Although, he noticed a smell gradually coming towards him - One he was familiar with, the other vampire in the room. Fex was still unsure who exactly was this person, but to be sent to the base on his own, he would have to be a high ranking member of their family. Or maybe, in a similar situation to Fex himself.
The other crazy thing though was he didn't know who Fex was himself. One of the possible heirs to the thirteen families, someone nearly all the vampires knew.
But some were sent on missions from a young age who had yet to return, so it was understandable if a few people had never seen him before.
For those reasons, Fex had decided to offer a helping hand, hoping not to sour the relationships between the families. The families didn't usually get involved with each other's business unless the head elder asked. Hence, he was careful not to be nosey.
"I guess you already know what I am," Quinn said while looking at Fex, keeping his fist closed, ready for things to turn at any second.
"Do you know who I am?" Fex asked.
Thanks to the system's Inspect skill, Quinn did know.
"Fex Sanguinis, correct?" When Quinn answered, he was unsure what to say at first. If he said his name, would Fex get suspicious of how Quinn knew? Or would they think they were comrades? It was a risk. Quinn had no clue how many vampires there were, and how close of a relationship each one of them held with each other. Still, this way, if he did ask how he knew his name, Quinn could make up a type of lie.
In the end, he chose to reveal the Vampire's name as the system advised him to do. "Quinn, I'm warning you right now. Never reveal your family name to another vampire. If you do, they will target you." The system said.
"But can't he use his inspect skill as well?" Quinn asked.
"That is unique to the system, Quinn. You are not an ordinary vampire. The others don't have this kind of system like yours. This whole thing you are going through, you are the first person to experience it. This is why I can't help you as much along the way. There are still some things that I don't know about the system."
Quinn started wondering about the skills unique to the system and what are the skills all vampires knew of?
"Well, it's to be expected. I thought maybe my fame was starting to die around the other families." Fex said, swiping his hair back. "Well, it's clear you're not from my family. Otherwise, you wouldn't have attacked me yesterday, but I won't pry into your business because that would just be rude of me. Anyway, go ahead. It seems you didn't approach me for no reason at all."
Quinn was struggling with the decision of how much information he should reveal. If he made one type of slipup, then it would reveal the position he was in.
"I remember you saying that if I needed any help, you would offer your hand." Quinn then took in a deep breath. "I need you to help me with the ghoul problem - The one that you captured the other day."
Fex then smiled. "I thought as much. I see, perhaps a vampire recklessly transformed a human huh, and then left you a halfling, or lesser, to deal with the problems. Who would be so irresponsible to turn someone into a ghoul without preparing everything beforehand?"
It seemed like Fex was coming up with his ideas about why Quinn was here, which was a good thing. It meant that Quinn didn't have to come up with his own story and could just stay silent. In doing so, Fex was the type of person who thought his guesses were right on.
"Judging by your silence, I'm pretty close aren't I?" He assumed as he started laughing. "Haha, when I become the family head, with my genius brain, our family will rise to the head position."
"So can you help me?" Quinn asked.
By simply looking at Quinn's face, and seeing his fighting skills the other day, Fex could only surmise that Quinn wasn't well trained, or just wouldn't amount to much in the future. This contradicted his earlier thought, though there was something else that was bugging him. He had seen Quinn use the shadow ability - It was an ability that the other vampires hadn't used in years.
It suddenly gave Fex an idea. Sooner or later, he would be caught by his family and be sent back. He knew this was the case, but if he could lighten his punishment in any way, this might be his chance. If he asked Quinn about the ability, of course, Quinn wouldn't tell him. All the families thought the ability had been lost. Looking at Quinn, it was clear whichever family he worked for were keeping it a secret. Perhaps, trying to overthrow the head family. If Fex was able to get information from Quinn, how he got this and which family he belonged to, then perhaps the punishment he would receive would be lighter.
But the greed was starting to grow inside Fex. Observing Quinn's ordeal and the fact that the ghoul yesterday was in a crazy state, he needed his help. Maybe, he could get even more out of this deal.
"Of course, I can help you," Fex said.
Those words gave Quinn hope. The sooner they dealt with Peter's situation, the quicker they could get on with their lives.
"But, I do have one condition," Fex said, looking over in the direction of the two girls. "You see, the one with the golden hair, all I ask for is some alone time with her."
As Quinn turned his head, he knew straight away who he was talking about - It was Erin. "Why? Why her? Why can't it be someone else?" Quinn asked.
Quinn felt that, perhaps, Fex would need someone to give him a  supply of blood while he was here. Just like Layla was to him. Otherwise, every two days, he would starve with hunger if Fex was the same type as him. But it didn't sit well with Quinn that it would be someone he knew. Out of all the people he could have selected, he chose his acquaintance.
"If you need blood, I can provide it to you," Quinn added.
"Oh, don't worry. I have no problem obtaining blood. Although, it would be nice to have a little blood pet. I promise you that if you just agree and let me meet and talk with her, then I'll help you with your little ghoul situation."
"Are you going to hurt her?" Quinn asked.
"What? Are you crazy? Of course not." Fex replied, "So, what will it be?"
****

EP-172 Bad Timing
Currently, the whole group had finished their combat classes for the day and were inside Quinn's room. He had just informed them all of what had happened yesterday when he had rescued Peter. He also included what had happened in the combat class and what Fex's request was.
"I hate to admit it," Vorden said. "But I kind of agree with Layla on this one. What is another Vampire doing in this school in the first place? Is he here because of you Quinn or maybe Peter?"
"I don't think that's the case, honestly he seems to be disinterested in me. He also said something that he wasn't meant to be here either. I don't know if he was telling the truth or not, maybe he was trying to get me to reveal myself." Quinn felt like pulling out his hair at this moment, there were so many things running through his head. "I wish there was like a manual or something on how to be a vampire. They have so many rules I just don't understand."
"The thing is… I can understand if he wanted you or Peter but why Erin, it doesn't make any sense?" Vorden shook his head.
Inside the room Erin had been here the whole time, silently listening away. So far she hadn't said a single word. As if her mind was someplace else.
"That I have no clue about either, all I know is he said he wouldn't hurt her," Quinn replied.
"Hey, I have a question." Layla said." How come when you're in the sunlight you get weak while he doesn't? Is he some kind of special vampire, because when we left the training hall he seemed to be walking fine."
Quinn also noticed that as well, and while looking at Fex closely he noticed a ring on his finger. He knew instantly that it was the same ring from the shop. It was a ring that required you to defeat a total of ten Advanced tier beasts to obtain. It only caused Quinn's worries to grow, it was clear that even if he didn't ask, none of them were powerful enough to stop him.
While the others were thinking about what to do, Vorden pulled Quinn off to one side so they could have a private conversation with one another. "Hey man, not to add to your worries or anything…" Vorden started, "But I think we’ve another problem you should know about." Vorden said.
Vorden then went on to explain how a few of Duke's men had come up to Peter in their training session and how they had asked him to learn the level four ability by the end of the week. It seemed like everything was happening at the worst possible timing.
"Then we have no choice," Quinn said. "We don't know if Duke is going to keep a closer eye on Peter or what he plans to do. If we don't get Peter off this new diet as soon as possible then we might have a serious problem on our hands. If it's about  trusting the Vampire boy or the Duke, I think right now I trust the Vampire more."
"You might be right about that one," Vorden replied. "But the problem is how do we convince Erin?"
As soon as Vorden had finished those words Erin stood up straight and placed her hand on the hilt of her blade, which was currently sheathed by her side. "I'll do it, I'll go see this trash," Erin said.
"What, Erin you're not thinking straight, he's a vampire, he could be planning to do the same thing to you, as Quinn did to Peter!" Layla shouted before pausing. "Oh sorry, I didn't mean that in a bad way."
"I'm not afraid of him, that fool needs to learn his place. He needs to learn not to mess or blackmail others ever again." Erin said.
The others felt a little touched. It seemed like Erin had changed as if she was fighting for their sake, something that she had never done in the past. But little did they know, Erin was still the same as always, when she was talking about blackmail she was talking about her situation. She was afraid that if she didn't go through with this, there was a chance that Fex could tell everyone about what she read.
She regretted giving him an easy time when the two of them were at the library and now wished she had taught him a lesson and now this time she would. "Don't worry I'm confident in my skills, if I was to lose to scum like him then I deserved it for not training hard enough."
Erin's stubborn side had shown and at this point, Layla was the only one trying to convince her to not go while the boys remained silent. Even Peter wanted to get this whole thing over with, and if Layla just had to become a vampire's blood bank, then it was a small price to pay. Peter had to do worse things than that right now.
"I think it will be fine, we shall meet on the roof," Vorden explained. "The three of us will wait by the door to make sure no one else comes upstairs. If anything fishy happens we can come out and help her."
"Do you think he'll be okay with that?" Peter asked. "Didn't he say he wanted to meet her alone?"
"The two of them will still be alone and we will just be a short distance away. If he truly says he will do her no harm, then he should at least accept these conditions." Vorden explained.
A plan had been set, although it wasn't a very good plan it felt like it was the only thing they could do at that moment. Quinn had left the room to go meet up with Fex to set the meeting point tonight, while Erin wanted to go to the practice room to brush up on her skills before the meeting, but before she left Vorden stopped her by holding her hand.
"Sorry, I'm going to need to say this," Vorden said. "Listen to me, Erin, if you need any help or anything, you come running to me alright. I promise I won't let this guy get you."
"Vorden, you are the only trustworthy one in this group, I would never rely on any of the others to protect me.  
Erin still believed Vorden was the best option out of everyone out there, she had seen him get serious and even beat a student from one of the big four. Although Quinn was powerful he had too many weaknesses an enemy could exploit if they were to find them out.
"What the hell, why doesn't he treat me like that?" Layla asked in disbelief. "Am I the only one he treats like crap, what the hell did I do?"
Vorden had grown close to his circle around him, he had never had this many people close to him before and Erin was one of the very few people who had approached him first. He didn't want to upset this little family he had subconsciously created. Unfortunately, Layla got the short end of the stick due to the little misunderstanding about the relationship between Quinn and her.
Vorden then went off with Peter to gather the strongest abilities he could find, first heading to find Berg and one other ability.
*****

EP-173 My Puppet
Erin's hand was twitching as she had it hovered over her sword's hilt. The others had to do everything in their power to convince her to not go out there and start a fight straight away. They were interested in what Fex had to say and if she was to go out with her head full of steam right now, it would ruin everything. The best option for them was to come out of this with no fighting.
If that did happen, Vorden was prepared, he currently had an ice ability, a fire ability and also a slow regenerative ability. While trying to get the ability it took him longer than he thought, since he couldn't find the original person he got it from last time. luckily at the last moment, he was able to find another student with a similar but weaker version of the ability.
He needed to make sure to keep the regenerative ability just in case things didn't go to plan. If Fex didn't have a solution then once again he would have to prepare himself to remove another body part. It was also unlikely that he would be able to get Sil to fight for them anyway, at most Vorden could convince Raten.
Sil was unreliable, so Vorden never went into a fight relying on him.
"So you understand the terms then," Quinn said. "We will be waiting just on the other side of that door and if anything happens to her we will..."
"I know," Fex said with a yawn. "I already gave you my word, didn't I? You should already know a Vampire's word is sacred; it's something that cannot be easily broken."
"And about the ghoul problem, you promise you'll help us straight after right?" Quinn asked.
"I already have it sorted," Fex said confidently.
"Just a fair warning, she knows what you are, so she will be cautious,"  Quinn replied.
"Looks like you're breaking rules all over the place," Fex said. "I guess it isn't a problem if you plan to turn her eventually."
Fex had never seen a vampire break all the rules so casually, there was only one person who was as daring as him and that was Fex himself. Most vampires were boring and strict, very traditional in the sense and had been for so many years, it was why Fex yearned to go to the human world. The more he was finding out about Quinn the more his interest grew.  But with his position, he could get away with a few things here or there, while Quinn had never seen him before, he felt like the more he stayed around this guy perhaps more interesting events would start to unfold.
Quinn had done everything he could, but it was still hard for him to trust Fex. Even the system didn't seem to have a solution to the current problem, so he just wondered what Fex had that they didn't.
As soon as she opened the door, Erin was ready to head out in his place.
"Erin, please remember the plan?" Layla said.
Erin nodded and then headed straight out as the other three watched from behind the door.
At first, Erin walked slowly, but as she got closer and closer to Fex, she started to walk faster. The closer she got to him the more annoyed she was at seeing his face.
"Oh the beautiful Goldilocks has finally come out, I have a proposal for you," Fex said.
But suddenly the walking turned into a jog, after hearing Fex's voice the anger inside her only got worse and then finally, she had enough and pulled out her sword. "I thought I had already warned you, if you were to mention what you saw in the library I would teach you a lesson!" She shouted.
"Looks like she isn't sticking to the plan!" Layla said.
"The library, have these two met before?" Peter asked.
"It seems like there might be a bit of tension between the two that we didn't know about before," Quinn added.
"Damn it!" Vorden shouted. "She's going to get herself killed."
As Vorden went to open the door, Quinn pulled him back. "Just wait, Vorden. If he wanted to harm her, why would he do it in front of us? And if he did kill all of us here, then he would only be hunted down by the school."
What Quinn said made a lot of sense to Vorden, still, he couldn't help but worry.
Hearing Erin's words... Fex was a bit confused, he could tell she was angry but apparently, it had something to do with their last meeting. "Wait, it couldn't have something to do with that book could it?"
As she charged forward her face had now gone bright red once again and she pulled out her sword but suddenly, her movements started to slow as she felt something wrapping around her legs and arms. When she looked at Fex she could see him doing something with his hands.
"That's it I'm going to save her!" Vorden said.
"Wait!" Peter shouted. "That's the same thing he did to me, I don't think he's trying to hurt her."
The string-like substance continued to tangle all over her body. When Erin looked around she noticed that there were small little daggers placed around the roof with a little ring on top. Finally, she was completely restricted and could no longer move.
Erin was not at the level where she could use the ice abilities with just her mind, she still required small movements with her hands to activate her ability. She would need to be at least a level 7 ice ability user for that. So right now she was completely defenceless. Other than her weapon she had no other piece of beast gear on her, so her strength was that of a regular person so there was no way for her to break the strings around her.
"You know after you left I read that book myself, no wonder you got so heated up," Fex remarked. "If you would like to do the things mentioned in that book I would be happy to help you."
"Go screw yourself, you sicko!" Erin shouted.
"This is what I get for being nice," Fex said. "Anyway hear me out, during my time here I need a puppet as well as a food source. Now since you decided to punish me in the library, you have the grace of becoming both of those things."
"Quinn, do you understand what he's saying?" Layla asked.
"I have no clue,  I mean I understand the food part, but the puppet thing I have no idea," Quinn replied.
"System, is he talking about turning her into a vampire?" Quinn asked.
"No, the Sanguinis family has the ability of string. However, their combat style is unique. They are extremely nimble and skilled with their fingers, but their actual combat powers are lacking."
Hearing this didn't make Quinn feel any better. If Fex was a vampire lacking combat skills then what did one with good combat skills fight like?
"To perform at the best of their ability they need something called a puppet, to do combat for them, while they control them behind the scenes."
Fex then walked up behind Erin, while walking a selective path towards her avoiding all the strings attached to the small blades he had thrown.
"I'm not becoming your puppet!" Erin shouted.
"I'm afraid you don't have much of a choice," Fex replied as he stabbed 12 needles in her back.
****

EP-174 Good or Bad
"What did you do to me?" Erin asked.
"I wanted to show you what being my puppet means," Fex replied.
Erin went to swing her sword and moved about, yet it seemed like her movements were back to normal. They weren't slow and everything, so she tried to do what she could do before. Still, she felt like something was tugging at the back of her brain.
"Whatever you did to me, get rid of it now!" She lunged forward and swung down her sword. However, as she did, Fex moved a single fingertip, and concurrently, the course of her sword changed, missing the target and merely swinging to the side.
"My body, did it just move on its own?" It was a strange feeling for Erin to suddenly lose control like that.
"Let's see what you got! " Fex shouted. He was now moving his fingers at an incredibly fast speed, and for every different action that he did, it would move Erin's body.
At first, Erin tried to resist and fight against Fex's control, but it felt useless as if she couldn't do anything. When she soon realised that there was nothing she could do, she stopped resisting and just went with the flow. Doing this, she started to realise something. Fex wasn't just moving her body about in a random order, but he was performing a certain set of moves.
Her swordsmanship was faster and more skilful than before, and the sound of her strikes upon sliding through the air sounded fast and harsh. While her movements were soft and flexible as if she was dancing, it was swordsmanship she had never seen before, one that surpassed her basic skills that were unrefined.
While doing these movements, she started to concentrate. She discovered that it wasn't as if the strings were pulling her along. She could still feel that her own body was doing all these movements, so it must have been possible for her to perform these as well. Right now, she was noting down all the actions she was performing, and when she had gotten the hang of it, shards of ice would leave the blade as well.
"What is Erin doing?" Layla asked. "I thought she would be attacking him, but she looks so beautiful."
With the ice surrounding her along with the beautiful skills being shown by Erin, it was as if they were all watching a performance.
"I don't think it's her look," Vorden said as he pointed at Fex, who was at the back, moving his hands and fingers.
"You are a lot better than I thought you were going to be." Said Fex. "It looks like I was right to choose you."
When Fex had seen enough, he detached the strings that were on Erin, and she suddenly stopped right there. Her body was no longer being guided by the strings. Immediately, not wanting to forget the feeling she just had, she tried performing the same movements. At the start, it seemed to be going well, but then, the movements just didn't have the same flair as when she was attached.
She tried again and again like a person who was possessed, but it was nowhere near the same level that she was performing before. "You, show me again. Do what you just did again!" Erin demanded.
"Now, now," Fex said. "If you started to demand things from me and I complied without complaints, it wouldn't be very fair, would it? A relationship should work in two ways."
"If you don't want to tell me about it, you know I can just start getting nasty." Lifting her hands, Erin planned to use her ice abilities this time before he got close to activating his weird puppet thing once again. But her hands stopped midway as a little tingling feeling reappeared at the back of her head again.
"Oh, I'm afraid it's a little too late. You see with the needles implanted in you, I can reattach my strings to you at any point in time." Fex explained. "Now that I have shown you how my swordsmanship works, it's time that I get something in return."
Walking towards the lady, step by step, Fex got closer, and right now, there wasn't a thing she could do to stop him.
"I can't take this anymore. It's not fair on Erin. We forced her into this and it's clear that she doesn't want to go through with it! What if he's planning to turn her? I'm going." Vorden said as he barged through the roof door.
"Wait!" Quinn shouted. They were so close that Quinn didn't want to ruin the deal they had. So far, he had stayed true to his word and Erin didn't have a mark on her. He felt like he was so close to solving the problem with Peter, but after hearing Vorden's words, Quinn released how selfish he was being. Erin had no reason to be involved in their affairs.
None of them here did. Only Peter and Quinn needed to be there, and if he wanted to solve his problems, he should have come up with his solutions instead of trying to rely on someone else. As soon as he heard that Fex had a plan, he immediately decided to take the easy route of asking him rather than trying to brainstorm for an appropriate method.
"Let's switch Vorden. I'll teach this guy a lesson. "Raten said.
"No, they're my friends, and this time, I'm going to do something about it myself."
As Vorden ran out, he gathered a fireball in his hands and was getting ready to throw it toward Fex. However, just as Vorden was about to let the flames go, Erin's body had moved and was now right in front of him. She slashed her sword down and Vorden had to jump out of the way, rolling onto the floor.
"Vorden, that wasn't me!" She said.
"How dirty!" Vorden shouted. "You're going to use her as a shield? Why don't you fight yourself?!"
With Erin getting in between the two, Vorden was unable to use his full strength. At any point in time, Fex was able to move her to either block the attack or get in between the two of them.
Then, a gust of wind seemed to go straight past Vorden as he felt his hair rise. When he looked in front of him, he could see Quinn running past with all his beast gear on. He had his boots activated and was rushing forward at full speed.
Just like before, Fex moved Erin in front and commanded her to strike her sword, but Quinn showed no signs of slowing down, and it looked like he wasn't even going to bother dodging.
"Shadow control!" Just before the sword reached his side, he lifted the shadow from underneath his foot and blocked the attack, slowing it down.
Then, using the flash step, Quinn was able to appear behind Erin and went straight for Fex.
"Wait!" Fex shouted. "Stop! This wasn't my intention. You guys win." He said as he held up both hands.
Just what was Fex planning?
****

EP-175 My word
"Come on in, Quinn!" Vorden shouted. "With the two of us, we can easily take this guy out!"
However, Quinn was still cautious, he had no intention to let his guard down. He remembered fighting Fex last time and also saw him go up against Leo. If Vorden had seen these things, perhaps he wouldn't have been as confident as he was right now either.
"There is no trick." Said Fex. "You can ask the girl who I have broken off the connection with. I have done what I wanted to do. All I wanted was to show the girl what would be like if she was to become my puppet. I just presented the power and skills that I would share with her. And in return, I was going to ask for some blood. Did I do something wrong?"
Quinn then pulled out a flask from one of his trousers' pockets and threw it over to Fex, who was able to catch it. Fex opened up the lid and could smell the sweet fragrance emitting from the bottle.
"If you need more blood, then you can just come to me," Quinn said. "Just leave us be and I won't get in your way and obstruct your mission, so you shouldn't get in the way of mine."
Fex then gulped blood from the flask as a huge grin slowly made its way to his face. "Wow, it's pretty fresh, but as I told you before, getting blood here isn't a problem for me. Look, I didn't want to sour the relationship between us two. As I have said, this is all a misunderstanding. Did I ever hurt her?"
"You took control of her body and you forced her to attack me," Vorden said. "Just get rid of whatever you put into her body. In that way, you won't be able to control her again."
"It looks like I've hit a nerve there. I didn't realise she was already taken." Fex said. "As fellow vampires, we should be looking out for each other. As a sign of our friendship, I shall do as you ask and remove the needles."
Quinn was wondering why Fex's tune changed so quickly. Before, it seemed as if he was ignoring him, and now he wanted the two of them to be friends. It just didn't make any sense to him. Could he have realised that Quinn was different from the other vampires?
But the real reason why Fex had changed his mind about the whole thing was because of Quinn's shadow abilities. He had seen them being used before but didn't see much of what they could do. During the short confrontation with Erin, he noticed something about the shadow and how it was possibly a lot stronger and more useful than he thought.
"If he goes through with the process, will you be able to tell me if he does anything suspicious?" Quinn asked the system.
"Not really, but Erin should be able to tell. When the needles are removed, she should know." The system replied.
The group decided to go through with it, but only if they could stay by Erin's side. At first, she wanted Fex to use it on her once more to allow her to experience the feeling and skills he had shown her again.
However, after fighting against her comrades, she felt disgusted with herself. She was so weak at that moment and everything had been done against her will. Even she wanted the needles to be removed.
Erin's back was facing against Fex while the others stood by her side, with Layla holding her hand. Peter, Vorden and Quinn were ready to jump in at any moment if he was to do something fishy.
The strings were connected to Erin once more and she felt the tingling sensation at the back of her mind. Fex then yanked out his hand and at the same time, all twelve needles that were attached to her body were pulled out simultaneously.
"It's done!" Fex said.
The others saw the needles had been removed and Erin could no longer sense a strange feeling inside her body. "If you ever wish to become my puppet again, feel free to find me."
"Come on, let's get out of here," Layla said as she started to walk off with the others towards the exit.
"Wait, don't you want help with your ghoul situation?" Fex asked.
Quinn had thought since Fex hadn't got what he originally wanted, that there was no reason for him to keep his side of the deal. His words right now were a surprise to him.
"I may not follow many of the vampire's traditions, but I do follow one, and that's to always keep my word. You did as you said and you brought her to me. Now, in return, I will help you."
The girl started walking ahead, Layla had decided she didn't want to be a part of this anymore, and it looked like Erin was worn out by the whole thing. If the boys wanted to go through with the original plan, then she trusted Quinn to make the right decision.
"We can't trust this matter to him," Vorden said. "I'm telling you."
But time was running out. It was night and they didn't have much longer until the curfew. Vorden would have to go through the pain of having his limbs removed again. Also, so far, Fex had kept all of his promises, so why would he suddenly break one now?
"Please," Quinn said. "Help us."
"Very well," Fex replied. "Follow me."
***********
(this is just an extra sentence to reach 1000 words pls ignore)

EP-176 Fex's bad plan
This means perhaps some things had changed that even the system didn't know about. Maybe in this period, they were able to find a substitute for the human flesh? Whatever the plan might have been it had to be better than letting Peter kill people randomly.
As they followed Fex they realized that he was leading them back to the student dorms. Until finally, they had reached a room not too far away from theirs, located at the end of the hall. It was the last room.
"I hope you're hungry," Fex said as he opened the door.
As soon as they entered the room, their jaws had nearly dropped to the floor. Quinn immediately looked out in the hall to see if anyone had seen them before closing the door shut.
"What is the meaning of this?! " Quinn asked.
Currently on the floor were seven different students who had been tied up. They each had a blindfold around their eyes and a piece of cloth gagging their mouths. Their arms and legs were tied up using the same type of string that had been used on Peter.
"This is what someone should have done before they turned him into a ghoul. I noticed he is a crazy ghoul so he shouldn't need much human flesh to evolve. He would need a different type, right? So here you are, I brought you a different person he can eat for each day of the week." Fex explained.
Quinn realized then that It wasn't that the system didn't have anyway and Fex did… it was the fact that they were two different types of vampires. The system knew that Quinn would never consider this an option so it never suggested that.
While Fex, even though he was interested in humans, saw them just as a thing to be used.
"So what, you plan to just kill these students?" Vorden asked. "The school would find out if seven students just went missing, this isn't a plan."
"Hey, hey now look who's being the stupid one, no one said anything about killing," Fex replied. "The size of meat that a ghoul needs to eat only needs to be about that of a shoe. So there's no need to kill, no need for the school to find out."
"But won't they say something happened? If I was them as soon as we leave I would get out of here," Peter said worried as he saw the students wriggling, scared for their lives.
"Although you guys seem to be friends it's like you don't know much about vampires do you?" Fex shook his head. "If I use my influence powers then I can make them forget anything ever happened. As for their missing limbs, I can replace them with a memory saying they lost them in an accident fighting with each other."
While Quinn was thinking of different ways to help Peter he too had come up with a similar option. The only problem was Quinn wasn't confident in his influence skills. Whether it worked or not depended on two things: the person he used it on should have a weak mental strength and his charm stats which were low at the moment.
If there was a chance it didn't work then Quinn would have to kill someone with his own hands. The killing wasn't the part that Quin didn't like, but killing someone who had done nothing wrong or no harm to him was different.
These people in the room were strangers to him and they had families waiting for them back home, who was he to decide what happened to them. If he was to abuse his powers then he would be the same as the very people he hated.
"Well, Quinn, what do you want to do?" Peter asked, looking at him. Peter had already made up his mind. He was sick of worrying about this and just wanted to get it over and done with. He convinced himself if he didn't at least resort to this then there would be more body bags and a missing limb was better than a body bag.
"I can't," Quinn said. "I don't even know these people that well."
Quinn's reply surprised Peter, as he was sure Quinn had felt the same way. As if he just wanted to find the quickest solution.
"If it makes it easier for you some of these people aren't good people." Fex then went over to two of the male students off to the right side and lifted their heads, revealing a few bruise marks on their faces.
"You see these two here, they were my roommates. As soon as I entered the room they started ordering me around, I refused and you know what they tried to do, beat me, so I gave them a beating back. I hadn't even said a word to them yet.
"What about the rest?" Quinn asked.
"Well, the rest were randomly selected, they just had bad luck that's all. Look, someone had to draw the short straw right?"
While Vorden was looking at the students he recognized one of the female students. It was the same girl who he had copied the regenerative ability off the other day. Now it made sense why he couldn't find her earlier, it must have been due to Fex keeping her in this room.
Seeing this though gave him an idea.
"Quinn, there is something we can do?" Vorden said.
Vorden explained how when he was coming up with plan B he managed to get a list of the first-year students' abilities and what class they belonged to. On this list, it stated that out of all the first years, three students had regenerative abilities.
Before he had never considered this an option, only now that they were able to erase their memories did he think of this.
"There's still a problem," Quinn said. "Even if we manage to get those three students we still need two more."
"But at least it's a start, Quinn," Vorden replied.
They explained their plan to Fex, after all, they needed him to make sure he erased their memories. Although he complained a little he did accept in the end.
He then lifted the female student off the ground who had regenerative ability. "I'm telling you guys, we could get this all over and done with. Are you sure you want to do it this way?" Fex asked.
Quinn nodded in response.
"Alright then." Fex then pushed the female student towards Quinn and he managed to grab her just before she tripped and fell over. "This is your problem, not mine, I'm not going to do everything so one of you is going to have to cut off her body part. I'm not a sicko who gets pleasure seeing people in pain so I'm afraid I'm not going to volunteer myself."
****

EP-177 Advantage
He had similar strength as Quinn so he should be able to cut it off clean. Peter grabbed the meat cleaver from the kitchen counter and walked over to the female all the while Vorden and Quinn held her down on the floor.
This time, they had also put several towels where the cut was supposed to be made, to not make a big mess like the last time.
The two had to hold her down even though her mouth was already gagged. Furthermore, she was blindfolded, but she had heard the whole conversation going on between all of the people in the room. At first, she thought it was a twisted sick joke being played by her friends.
But as soon as she heard them deliberate and talk more about the matter, she slowly realized that it was becoming a reality. Not being able to see anything either was making her go mad as she imagined that they might do all sorts of things to her.
As Peter Kneeled on his knees, his hands were shaking. Quinn and Vorden were strong, so now, her movements were minimal, but it didn't stop him from seeing the tears rolling down her face just underneath the blindfold.
"Come on Peter!" Vorden said. "You're happy enough to eat the damn thing, but you can't cut it off."
With those words, Peter closed his eyes and swung the meat cleaver down, but at the last second, he tried pulling it back, causing the meat cleaver to only reach halfway through the bone.
Muffled screams were heard as blood started to pour down her leg.
"Peter! You made it worse! "Quinn said as the two swapped positions. Quinn quickly banged a fist on top of the cleaver, pushing it to completely go through. When the leg was detached, he quickly put it inside a black plastic bag. Using one of the towels, they tied it just above the wound and raised her leg to cause the blood flow to slow down. Eventually, it had healed to a point where it was a stump again.
The woman was no longer struggling or screaming. She had just passed out from the fear of everything. "Four more times," Quinn said. "We have to do this four more times."
While the female's leg was being prepared for Peter to eat, Vorden was busy tending to the girl and clearing up the bloody towels. However, before Peter could eat the leg, Quinn went over and dipped his finger into one of the ends.
[Blood type A+]
Quinn wanted the O blood type. This way, he would be able to raise his charm stat. He realised that with everything happening around them, they were bound to get caught sooner or later. If that was the case, then one of the most useful skills that he had would be the influence skill.
It was why Fex was able to walk around so confidently and didn't have to worry about getting blood. He was confident about his ability to erase the memory of any student regarding that incident ever taking place. It didn't make him much stronger in the battle, but it would in the future. If he could use his influence skill without any worries, then he would also be able to get blood from other students without having to worry about the repercussions.
He then licked his finger, and once again the message appeared.
[A + blood has been consumed. An additional stat point in strength has been added]
[Strength 18]
Peter wasn't feeling hungry at the moment, so the leg this time didn't look as appetizing as before. He thought that it was because he had seen the girl screaming and crying right before it was cut off. Because of that, he didn't feel like eating it just yet.
While the others were waiting for the leg to heal and for Peter to start eating, Quinn went over to the other six students who were still on the ground.
[Inspect]
Quinn had used his inspection skill on each of them, and the main thing he was looking for was their blood types. Out of the six, there were two O- blood types, one AB+, one A+ and also two B+ blood types.
While he was here, he might as well increase his stats. The memory of each student would be wiped by Fex anyway, so it would be a waste not to.
Quinn then went over to get another knife from the counter and went up to each of the students. He would make a small cut on the bag of the student's calf. He would then dip his finger and take a lick of each one.
After taking a drop of blood from each student, Quinn decided to check his new improved stats.
[Strength: 19]
[Agility: 18]
[Stamina: 17]
[Charm: 12]
At the moment, these were Quinn's current base stats without wearing any equipment. With the two O blood types, Quinn did as he said he would, putting them into his charm stats.
While doing all of these tasks, Fex was keeping a close eye on Quinn and couldn't help but come over. "Are you trying to see which one tastes the best?" Fex asked. "If you want, I can get you a glass or something, so you can have some more."
"Ah no need, I'm not hungry." As Quinn said those words, he realised that this was the first time he was talking about blood with another vampire as if it was food. It was strange, but at the same time nice that he didn't sound crazy.
"I was just trying to get as many different people's blood types as possible," Quinna answered.
"You're a strange one. Oh I know, I bet you're one of those blood freaks who has to find the perfect type of blood." Fex said as he shrugged his shoulders. "To me, blood is just blood. It all tastes the same no matter who it comes from."
Hearing Fex say this, started to make Quinn think.
"Did you have any of their blood before we came here?" Quinn asked.
   Nah, I can last quite a while before I start to crave blood. Although, I still appreciate the gift that you gave me before." Fex replied.
A realization dawned upon Quinn. If Fex wasn't consuming the blood of every human he came into contact with, that would suggest that it didn't have the same effects on him as it did on Quinn. It would be understandable if he was doing it for reasons to not be caught. However, he already had these 7 people in the room, yet he didn't consume blood from a single person.
"System, what is the meaning of this?" Quinn asked.
"I think you've figured it out already." The system replied. "As I've said to you before, your Vampire powers are unique, different from the others. What applies to you doesn't mean it will apply to them, and the same can be said the other way round. But this, Quinn, this is your advantage over the others."
*****

EP-178 Spying
Even Fex was considered weird for having so much interest in humans but so far his experiences with them hadn't been great. No one would talk to him, and of the very few interactions he had with all of them, he was attacked, first by Erin, then by his two roommates.
Finally, when the female student’s leg was fully healed, Peter no longer felt weird about eating the leg in front of him. Before he felt like he was eating a part of her, but now that he could see she was fine, he couldn't let it go to waste.
The first bite was the hardest but once he got the juicy taste of flesh into his mouth, he couldn't stop. He continued until almost nothing was left but the bone.
"Ghouls, a little bit of a messy eater, aren't they," Fex said, trying to crack a joke.
But Quinn was in no laughing mood.
[Quest update]
[3/7 Pieces of human flesh has been consumed by Ghoul Peter Chuck]
Once again the energy surged through Quinn's body. But he knew it wasn't him getting stronger but Peter instead. But this message had only soured his mood realising he would need to do this four more times.
'Maybe we should just take the easy way?' Quinn thought for a brief moment but quickly changed his mind.
They took off the blindfold from the girl and then Fex started to use his influence skill. His red eyes glowed and so did the females he was looking at. She appeared dazed as if she was unaware of anything around her as if she was asleep but with her eyes open.
Fex gave simple instructions of what happened that night, he was sure not to overcomplicate things and at the same time not give too many details otherwise it could cause problems with her mind. The last thing he mentioned was telling her to sleep for another hour.
While one of them watched the hallways for any oncoming students, the other would carry them and put them in a place where it would be a while before a student spotted them. Certain sections of the library, just outside the staircase on the top floors and so on.
"What if someone sees them?" Peter asks.
"There are students who are knocked out all the time, although to the watch system it will just appear like they are sleeping everyone else will think something happened to them," Vorden explained. "Think about it, when you were sleeping outside the room, apart from the first day, did people bother you."
Peter knew Vorden was right, and he felt like Peter only gained extra attention because he was a level one. But after the first day, several students just ignored Peter like he was some homeless dog left on the street.
After they finished doing everything they needed to do, they left Fex in his room on his own. "If you need me you know where to find me," Fex said.
As he saw the three boys walk off Fex started to feel a little bored. Everything that happened today was one of the first interesting things that had happened to him since he got to the human world. Then when they thought about it, it was one of the most interesting things he had done in his life so far.
*****
The day had arrived, and Peter wasn't feeling hungry this morning as he had eaten a meal last night, but that still didn't mean there wasn't a list of jobs they needed to do. They had more problems right now than just trying to find meat for Peter.
Because Duke was hot on their heels. They needed to convince him that somehow Peter was learning the ability books handed to him. So the three decided to once again split up for the morning. Vorden had memorised the students who had the regenerative ability and at breakfast, he would try to track them down and find out what club classes they go to and when would be the best time to nab them.
While Peter and Quinn had decided to pay a little visit upstairs to the VIP area. Their aim for today was to visit Logan. Not once had Quinn seen Logan in the canteen area and he realized he never saw Logan around the school much even before that.
While also training in the pod that Logan had, he realized he never really left the room and there was no need for him to. The VIP room had facilities such as a shower and a toilet and whenever he wanted he could call and ask for food from the shop to be delivered to his door.
"Long time no see." Logan greeted as this time he answered the door still with bags under his eyes. When he finished rubbing his eyes though he noticed someone else behind him. "It looks like you brought a friend with you as well this time."
They entered the room and Peter couldn't stop looking at all the strange gadgets inside. He also noticed the level 8 on Logan's watch which frightened him a little. 'When did Quinn get to know someone so powerful?' he thought.
Once he sat down, Quinn started to explain what he wished Logan to do. However this time, Quinn was afraid Logan would decline. He had already asked so much from him and he had nothing to give back in return.
But without saying anything he put on his metallic glove and got to work on the watch while it was still in Peter's hand after a few minutes he sat back in his chair. "All done for you." He said.
Now on the watch, the number two was permanently displayed. "If we want to come back and increase the number, are you okay with that Logan?"
"I thought you might ask something like that so I already did it for you," Logan said. "If you twist the top of the watch then the numbers will change, going from one up to six. So you will be able to fool anyone into thinking you have a high ability. Every time I work on something I just impress myself more and more."
Quinn was feeling even more guilty Logan hadn't even asked any questions about why he needed to do such a thing and was providing his services for free.
"If you ever need any help, Logan, feel free to ask me. I know, you probably don't need me too much, but even if it's for testing something in the game, please I want to help you."
With that said it was almost time for the combat classes to begin and the two of them had to leave. As they left the room, Logan quickly booted up his computer and started typing away until he suddenly stopped.
"If I do this, he will probably never trust me again. It was nice speaking to a person for once, rather than a machine..." Logan said. "But at the same time, I can tell you are hiding things from me, and I can only help you if I know more."
"Recording device activated." The computer system said.
He could now hear everything when he activated the recording device inside Peter's watch.
****

EP-179 Alone
He thought that perhaps Peter had been put under the same type of system that Quinn had. He saw Quinn as a friend now and was happy to help him, but his urge to find out about the system far surpassed that of their weak bond.
Upon touching Peter, he realized how he was disappointed, he didn't have the same reaction as he did upon touching Quinn. This meant, right now, he couldn't think of a reason why Peter would need to change his level? If it was something as simple as to avoid others from bullying him, it was too risky to do.
Once they found out how weak he was they would report him and the watch would be replaced. The only thing he could think of was, Quinn and Peter were hiding something from him. So he came up with a plan to implant a recording device into the watch.
At first, he was originally going to do this with Quinn, however, he and Quinn got close. He enjoyed the small conversations they would have. He decided it wasn't right to invade his privacy and believed Quinn would eventually tell him.
****
It was time for the two to split up, Peter would head to the elemental class with Vorden while Quinn would head to his normal Weapons class.
During the start of the lesson, they continued to go through the kicks that had been done the other day. Quinn worked on perfecting them while in his head imagining the feeling of blood swiping going through his legs.
Usually, he would just have to think about activating the skill and the system would do the rest for him. The energy inside his body moved on its own but he could still feel everything that happened were only automatic.
If he wanted to combine his blood swipe with his leg techniques he had to recreate that feeling in his legs while throwing out a kick. It was too bad his mind had been preoccupied with other things, otherwise, Quinn would have loved to test it out right now.
While practising he noticed once again that Fex was standing by his own. Not a single person had approached him. It was to the point where Fex was just lying about and looking at the ceiling in boredom.
Now Leo didn't do anything about students who didn't want to learn. In his opinion,  in the end, it was up to them if they wanted to participate or not. However, if they were to disturb the class he would deal with them.
Seeing this Quinn decided to approach Fex. He didn't feel like Fex was a bad person but more like a child who didn't know what was right and wrong. If Quinn could just approach him and get close maybe he could learn more about the vampires that might be after him.
"Hey, do you want a spar?" Quinn asked.
Fex got up from the floor and looked around him, noticing that there was only one person Quinn who was speaking to him. "Who, me?" Fex asked, tilting his head a bit.
Quinn nodded. "Maybe I can use my full strength against you this time?"
"Yeah, right. But if you insist on an arse-kicking then I'll be happy to give you one." Fex replied with a smile.
Fex was a good fighter and Quinn was hoping to learn from him, if in the future he did become his enemy it would be useful to learn how not only he fought, but how others fought as well. There was also the fact that recently Quinn had gotten a stat boost, he knew he wasn't as powerful as Fex yet, but maybe slowly as he consumed more people's blood he could change that.
The two of them sparred using the kicking techniques only and Leo also noticed that Fex could perform the kicks quite well. It seemed like he was performing them badly before just because he didn't want to.
Still, the two of them knew not to show their true strength or speed otherwise the others around them would start to get suspicious.
While Layla and Erin were practising their kicks against each other, Layla noticed Erin was incredibly distracted and was constantly looking over where Quinn and Fex were. She was never interested in Quinn before, even after learning he was a vampire. So it had to mean she was looking at Fex instead.
After last night she tried to repeat the movements while she was under control multiple times but they just weren't right. She wanted to feel them one more time, she felt like she was close but something was just missing.
But as she looked at Fex's face it filled her with disgust. She would never allow herself to be controlled by another person.
*****
In another training hall, the elemental class was taking place again. Voden and Peter did their usual thing keeping their distance from one another but at the same time not too far. The lessons usually started with an explanation, demonstration and then students would try to replicate what they were being taught.
At the end of each lesson, there was free time. Students could practise fighting against each other, or practise on their own trying to perfect and get a hang of their skills.
So far the whole lesson had passed without anything happening, and it was only in the last part that the same men that approached Peter the other day, had approached him once again.
"So Peter, I see you finally reached the level two earth ability, but your progress is a little slow don't you think?" The student who had approached had quite a skinny frame and it looked like he hardly had any fat on him. His face was even sunken in by the cheekbones.
It was as if fate had decided how he would look from birth since the name given to him by his parents was Bones. Although Bones himself didn't look intimidating, Vorden could see he was confident when approaching Peter.
While looking around he saw a couple of other students also looking in their direction. They were probably working for Duke as well.
"The Duke wants to make sure that you progress as fast as possible, and the easiest way of doing that is through a practical assessment wouldn't you agree? Why don't the two of us have a little spar?"
Although Vorden wasn't close enough to hear what they were saying, he was able to tell they were in some sort of trouble just from the look on Peter's face. Then when he saw them walking off in a certain direction and clearing a space around the two of them Vorden knew what was happening.
They wanted to test his abilities while Peter had no abilities.
****

EP-180 Tricking Bone
It was also the easiest to raise a few levels ability-wise, but if you wanted to reach the peak of the earth's ability. You were required to join the military and move up.
In one of the corners of the room, Peter had been taken by Bones, a tall skinny student who also had two other students by his side. They each formed a triangle-like position, with Bones in front of Peter while the other two stood behind him.
Vorden had his fair share of fighting experiences, and just from looking at this, he knew what they were planning to do. He quickly needed to think of a plan and started to look around the room. Otherwise, they were going to get caught.
They couldn't risk Peter getting taken away now, not while he was still a ghoul, a single day without flesh would make him go crazy. And although Quinn believed Peter would remain silent, Vorden did not.
"Alright, Peter, it's time to see what you got." Bones said.
However, Peter was far too nervous to hear Bones properly and was thinking about what to do to get out of this mess.
'Why did these guys have to come and get me now?' Peter thought. 'Is the watch not proof enough? These guys are still trying to ruin my life, well, if I'm going to get caught anyway. I should just kill them."
Just then, Peter managed to catch Vorden walking up from behind them and then walking to the side.
"Come on, Peter, are you ready or what!" Bones shouted as he was starting to get agitated.
Vorden was now standing next to them. He started to perform certain moves, and earth pillars and walls were created as he performed these moves. It was clear that Vorden had copied quite a high-level earth ability, but Peter was just wondering what did that have to do with him?
Then he noticed that Vorden was repeating the same set of moves and then pointing to himself afterwards.
'Does he want me to copy him?' Peter thought, but just as he was wondering, he felt a blunt object hit him in the stomach. When he looked down at what had hit him, he noticed it was an earth pillar.
"I don't have all day you little twirp!" Bones shouted.
Peter was surprised at how little the attack had hurt. It was as if someone had given him a small nudge, but knowing the others would expect a reaction, he held his hands around his stomach and started to hurl forward.
While continuing to look over at Vorden. Peter then looked at Bones and started to copy each action Vorden was doing. First was a step on the ground, an earth wall was then lifted from the floor. Vorden made sure to create a small one, trying to mimic a level two user.
It was only because he had stolen a level four earth user's ability that he was able to still create earth skills at such a distance. And thankfully, the others were all distracted, looking at Peter. To the outside, it just looked like Vorden was practising some form of martial arts.
Peter then threw out his palm imitating Vorden and the earth wall formed a worm-like shape, still attached to the wall.
"Is that enough for you?" Peter asked.
Bones then walked up to the wall and placed his hand on it, lowering the wall down. He continued to walk forward until he was directly in front of Peter's face.
An earth pole was formed into Bone's hand, and he whacked Peter right across the face, leaving a large red mark. A metallic taste filled Peter's mouth as he spewed blood from his mouth.
Then, he had to do everything to stop himself from just jumping on top of his bones and ripping his neck.
"That's for wasting my time, if you did that in the first place we could have gone home already." Bones said as he started to walk off away from the others. "Peter, make sure you reach level four in time or else."
As the three were leaving, Peter could do nothing but watch them go, he hated the fact that even though he now had the chance to fight them, he had to hide that fact.
However, when Peter looked at the three people just about to leave the training room, he noticed Vorden was standing in front of them blocking their path.
"Hey guys, it seems like I have no partner in training today, do you mind helping me out?" Vorden asked.
"What the hell, scram out of here!" Bones said.
"Oh! You're happy to practice with me right here and now!" Vorden shouted, making sure everyone could hear.
A few seconds later, Vorden was already casting his earth spells aiming them at all three of them. The sudden attacks and Vorden’s versatile use of the Earth abilities didn't allow Bones and his men to last long. Vorden managed to give each of them a thorough beating without getting hit a single time back.
*****
Once classes were over for the day. Vorden and Peter met up together in the library. They each used a book to cover their faces as they talked to each other using the silencing orb. The orb meant that as long as no one was at the table, none of the others around them could hear.
"Okay, so do you remember the plan?" Vorden asked. "Tonight, I want to try to get all three of those regenerative ability users. There are three places where we can most likely get them. At dinner, we can follow them, just outside their dorm room, or before they return to their homeroom classes. All we have to do is convince each student and lead them to Fex's room to deal with the rest.
"Now this is important Peter, cause each of us is going to have our person you're going to follow. Me, you, and Quinn will each have one person, so don't mess this up okay?"
Although Peter was no longer weak like before, Vorden still couldn't rely on him.
"What about the other two?" Peter asked. "If I'm not satisfied after these, then does that mean we're going to have to kill more?"
When Peter asked this, Vorden looked at him carefully. Usually, a person would be quite worried, but Peter said those last words so casually.
'Did he change after killing Earl?' Vorden thought. 'He's getting more dangerous."
"Stop being such a hypocrite," Raten said.
Vorden chose to ignore Raten's words for now. Technically he wasn't being a hypocrite himself because he had never done such things.
"We will leave that to Quinn, I'm sure he will think of something in that time frame," Vorden replied
With that, the two of them had their targets that they would follow for the day. However, unknown to both of them, when they thought their conversation was protected and being kept secret by the sound orb, it wasn't.
Because Logan had heard everything.
****

EP-181 Logan moves!
So his reaction to hearing this wasn't normal, to say the least, he felt like he needed more information before coming to a logical conclusion. So far there were three students involved, Vorden, Quinn and Peter that he knew of.
The words that stuck out most to him during the conversation were "kill again". Logan then proceeded to log onto his computer and started to access the school's servers. Whenever he would hit a firewall or a security breach, he would place his hand on the computer and close his eyes.
"Please I need your help, will you let me in?" Logan asked.
A few moments later, he was into the school system. Since the new school semester started there were a total of two students dead, that had been reported, one named Brandon and the other named Earl.
When looking at the files he also noticed that two students had been brought in for questioning and one of them for both cases, Quinn.
'If the three of them are friends are they covering for Peter? Maybe the military was always close in their investigation but never got the right person.' Logan thought.
This seemed to be the most logical conclusion but then there were still a few things that didn't make sense. Why would they be covering for a murderer, they couldn't have been that close as no one knew each other before coming here.
Unless they were directly involved there would be no need for a cover-up. Then the second thing was the fact why would there be a need for them to kill again. The way Peter had spoken had made it sound like an accident.
The Next thing Logan pulled up was a file on Fex. The student's name that was mentioned in their conversation.
'Now things are starting to make less sense.' He said.
Fex was a new student who had only been here a few days and had been brought in for draft evasion. For some reason, there was a link between all these people but Logan just couldn't find it.
His heart started beating as the excitement of a mystery was about to be unlocked. He felt the same feeling he did when he was working on a new idea and when he finally found the missing component, a rush of dopamine would be sent to his brain.
There was one place that they would be at tonight without fail and that was the student's name Fex. Before leaving Fex grabbed a round ball-like object and started making some adjustments with his mechanical glove.
****
Vorden had caught up with Quinn and given him information on his target, saying what homeroom class they were from and also what combat classes they would attend. Judging by the time of day, they were able to guess most likely where the student would be.
Quinn had gone to one of the homeroom classes to find his target. Vorden had gone to wait outside the dorm area and lastly Peter to the canteen.
As Quinn walked down the hallway where the students were just outside their homeroom, he would use his inspection skill on all those walking by. Vorden had given a description, but Quinn felt like using his inspection skill would allow him to spot the right person quicker in the crowd of people.
As for how to convince the student to come with him Quinn had wanted to test something. Finally, he found the student walking back toward the dorm room. Quinn quickly tapped the student on his shoulder.
"What is it?" The student said half annoyed as he turned, but he quickly changed his tone. "Oh, sorry how can I help you." He said with blush marks underneath his cheeks.
He had never seen a student so handsome before, it was as if something was drawing him in.
[Influence skill activated]
[Influence skill successful]
Before approaching the student Quinn had asked the system to allow his charm skills to go back to normal. He had increased his points by two, and out of all the student's regenerative abilities Quinn was tasked with the second weakest one.
"Follow a few feet behind me, don't say anything to anyone understand."
The student nodded and continued to follow Quinn.
Vorden found it quite easy to convince his student to do as asked after showing him his watch, threatening to beat the person if he didn't comply, and then finally it was Peter's Turn. Dinner had ended and he could see his target moving up and leaving the place but he was also with a few of his friends as well.
However, Peter managed to pluck up the courage and stand in front of the student.
"I'm here to deliver a message," Peter said. "General Duke has asked me to take you to him at this moment."
The student agreed to leave his friends and follow Peter. It was all going well for Peter so far, the student was following and asking him what the General wanted to see him about. Whenever he asked, Peter would reply, saying the general would never tell a low level like him information about why.
However, the problems started to occur when the student realized that Peter wasn't leading them to an office, but instead towards the dorm rooms.
"Where are you taking me?" He asked.
"Oh, I just need to grab a few things from my room first that I forgot," Peter replied.
"I thought you said it was urgent!" The student was now starting to get annoyed at Peter. This was bad as there were still several students around returning to their dorm rooms after leaving the canteen.
It wasn't like Peter could knock him out there and then.
"Is there a problem here." A voice said.
As the student turned around he could see a black hared student he didn't recognize and suddenly, his eyes lit up red.
"Head over to room 224 and wait there," Fex commanded and the student did as asked.
"Thank you, but why are you out here?" Peter asked.
"I had a feeling one of you might mess up this plan of yours, and out of everyone I picked you. I've been following you since the canteen."
The two of them entered Fex's room and tied up the student. They then sat together in silence as they patiently waited for the others.
Until Fex broke the silence. "Don't worry too much, once this is done, you will evolve and no longer be required to do this type of thing. I honestly don't know why your turner didn't prepare this all beforehand."
"Well, he didn't understand what was going on, none of us do?" Peter replied.
"What do you mean?" Fex asked.
But before Peter was able to give further details a knock was heard at the door.
Quinn had arrived first and then Vorden only a few minutes after. They did the same procedure like last time and allowed Fex to tie the other two students up. Now laid on the floor were three students.
"Well, are you ready to do this," Fex asked?
*****

EP-182 Last one
It wasn't that he wanted to do it, it was because he felt like it was cruller to allow Peter's shaky hands to do the work. If the part wasn't cut clean it would only cause more suffering.
They had decided to chop all the students at once, rather than splitting it up into different days. They wanted to get rid of Peter's problem as soon as possible.
If Peter was still hungry and they couldn't find a solution for the last one, then they could always rely on Vorden.
"Here I go," With a single swing, Quinn cut off the piece of the student's foot with a clean strike. This time, however, Vorden immediately moved towards the amputated area and started to place his hands just above it. As he did, it began to heal far quicker than it normally would.
"What's that?" Peter asked.
"I decided to head to the nurse's office, faking that I had a temperature. The two of us touched so I was able to copy her ability." Vorden explained. "I didn't want these guys to go through the same pain as the others."
The healing ability along with the regeneration ability seemed to speed up the process by a great amount, and there wasn't even a lot of mess to clean up this time.
They then repeated the process two more times with the other students and finally, they were done with everything. Thanks to Vorden's healing ability, the pain the students had suffered didn't weigh on their minds as much this time.
Also when the legs were put in front of Peter, he too was starting to find it a bit easier. Vorden thought he was finding it too easy.
"Looks like you're enjoying those legs there huh." Vorden remarked before asking Peter, "Did mine taste any better?" A crude smile was shown on his face and his eyebrow was slightly twitching.
"Look I'm not happy about this, but we have to make the best out of the bad situation," Peter said as he took another bite.
While eating the legs, it wasn't like he ever felt full. It was a strange feeling but it was more like his hunger would disappear. He tore through each leg with ease and finally had finished the last one.
"Remember to eat the bone too," Fex added. "Don't want to leave any evidence behind."
Peter's jaw was now harder than most, and his whole digestive system had changed. So doing something like this was easy for him, although the bone didn't have much taste apart from the marrow inside at least he didn't churn it up like everything else he ate.
[6/7 Pieces of human flesh consumed by your ghoul]
The message had appeared and now there was only one person they had to find before Peter’s evolved. Although the others weren't sure about the exact amount, they knew Peter must be close.
Before Peter had eaten the pieces of leg, Quinn had also gotten a taste from each one of the students on the floor. Adding to his overall stat points.
[Charm: 13]
[Strength: 20]
[Stamina: 18]
With the three students' blood types these were the stats that had been increased.
"So did you come up with any ideas for this last person?" Fex said as he sat down on his chair with his legs up on his desk.
"I was thinking about this, but what about Bones?" Peter suggested.
"The person who you met today? That's a bad idea." Vorden replied. "Number one, did you even see that guy? I think you would have to eat his whole body to be satisfied. Secondly, he happens to work for Duke. You're already on his radar. But I think you're along the right line, we should pick someone who deserves it."
"And how do we decide that," Quinn said. "If anyone deserves it, it would be Duke himself, everyone is just doing what he says. Peter could have easily been doing the same thing to others once he went high enough up the ladder."
Suddenly, while in the middle of their conversation a beep sound was heard. They all recognised the sound well, it was when someone had access to the room and was returning to it. However, Fex had sent his two roommates away during this time using his influence skill.
He had tested it before and knew their minds were weak and would obey the command, so it shouldn't have worn off.
So just who was able to break into the room so suddenly like that? As the door opened, a small student with bags under his eyes was seen. His head quickly moved around the room, trying to process what was going on.
"Three students tied up on the floor, blood parts in certain areas and the rest casually standing around," Logan mumbled to himself.
Logan had arrived in front of the door earlier, but he had decided to continue to listen in on their conversation. Perhaps he had misheard something, or the words they were saying meant something else.
But after listening and deluding himself to the truth, he could no longer take it when they started to talk about candidates. He had to see for himself what was going on.
The biggest shock to him though was one of the students had their limbs torn off. The other two had already healed in time. But the same couldn't be said for the last student.
They all had different levels of regenerative ability, and his leg would take longer to heal.
Logan immediately brought out the black sphere-shaped ball and pressed it against his chest. The small little spider-like robots started to spread and appear around his body at a lightning speed until they formed a mechanical suit.
It looked similar to a miniature Mech, only less clunky. As he lifted his hand it started to form an oval cannon like shape. Two more of them started to form on top of his shoulders and then he had his other hand pointed out.
Each of them was pointed at a person in the room.
"Don't you guys move, or I swear I will blast you all!" Logan said. His voice had a slight echo to it as it was projected through a type of speaker through the suit. "Quinn, did they put you up to this? If they're blackmailing you—I can help you out, I have connections you know."
"Logan, please!" Quinn pleaded. "Put the weapons down, it's not what you think."
"I can't Quinn, if I lower these weapons and I don't know the truth, there's a higher chance for you all attacking me. And all though I would like to trust you, Quinn. I have factored that there is also a high probability that you are involved in this case as well, and two previous cases before."
'When did he do so much research' Quinn thought.
"What the hell are you guys waiting for? Looks like we found your next meal ticket!" Fex said as he took a step forward.
A few seconds later though, a beam of blue light had hit Fex and sent him flying up against the room wall.
"I did say that nobody should move," Logan said.
****

EP-183 Processing
While looking at Logan, Quinn could see that he wasn't reacting like he usually would. It was like he was shaken, but not from fear of what was happening. No, Logan was too strong of a person for that it was something else.
There weren't many people Logan had trusted, and although it wasn't a long time that they had spent with each other it felt more special to logan. No one had ever shown as much interest in what he had worked on. Quinn would often ask questions about all his gadgets and although he couldn't appreciate their true worth he could tell he treated them with great care.
But this fact had made him realize that the two of them weren't that close to each other at all. He now felt like Quinn had used him for his skills.
"Logan! Please just give us a chance to explain." At that moment Quinn had taken a step forward, Logan automatically reacted to this and fired once again.
"Wait no!" Logan shouted.
However, Quinn felt like something like this might of happened, so he was prepared. Suing the shadow he lifted it to block the energy shot-stopping it mid-air in the shadow.
Then moving out of the way he moved his shadow with it causing the shot to smash and go straight out the window.
"We seriously need to stop wreaking these rooms," Vorden said.
"Quinn I need an answer for all of this, and one that makes sense, If everything doesn't and I feel like you are lying. Well, I don't want to even consider that as an option."
"You'll understand when I explain everything, I wanted to tell you logan, do you mind if just me and you speak alone?", Quinn asked.
As Logan looked around the room, he realized that it would be the better option to just talk to Quinn. It would make it less likely for the others to plan anything while the two of them were talking. But Quinn wanted to talk to logan alone for a different reason.
Right now he was the only one who knew about the system, and although Fex seemed like he was passed out on the ground, who knew if was listening in or not.
"Give me your neck," Logan demanded.
"What why?" Quinn asked.
"If you want me to trust you then give me your neck," Logan said once again.
Quinn did as ask and walked over while bending down slightly. Then when logan touched Quinn's neck a part of his suit started to move and form a type of collar around Quinn's neck.
"If you try anything funny, that collar will explode,"  Logan said.
Although Vampires had great healing abilities he wasn't so sure he would be able to survive an explosion around the neck.
The two of them left the room and headed upstairs to where Logan's room was located.
After they left, Fex started to get up from the floor and around his chest area, a burn mark could be seen. "Who would have thought that little twip would have been so strong," Fex said as he touched his chest area.
It was slowly starting to heal but wasn't healing as fast as a regular wound, which was a first for Fex. He just wondered what that energy blast was made of.
"Good thing I stayed on the floor, I was not ready for that one." He said.
"Do you think Quinn is going to be okay?" Peter asked. "Logan is a level 8 user. I know Quinn's strong but."
"We have to deal with this problem first," Vorden said pointing at the students on the floor. "Maybe Quinn can buy us some time but if Logan reports us, they still can't do anything without any proof, so we need to get rid of the evidence as quickly as possible."
The three of them nodded and got to work.
****
Quinn and Logan were inside their room and out of habit, Logan had gone to his usual seat when talking to Quinn.
"Alright Quinn I thought we had a fair deal before but it seems you were hiding more from me than I originally thought, and although I have a great interest in the system I can not condone someone who goes around killing random people."
Quinn was struggling to think about how to explain this to logan not only that but if he would believe him and how would he react to the truth. while deep in his thoughts an unexpected voice in his head was heard.
"Let him touch you again." The system said. "His ability I think I've figured out what it is, if you touch me then it will allow me to speak to him. Pass over everything I know and explain everything that happened."
Although Quinn thought it would be better if he explained it in his own words at the same time he felt like Logan might not believe him if he did. But if it came directly from the system then there was a chance.
"Logan, if you touch me, then the system will be able to explain everything. It will all make sense."
Logan was still in his heavy miniature mech suit apart from one of his hands that had been used to form a collar around Quinn's neck. While in the suit he felt safe.
"I'm putting my trust in you one more time." He said as Quinn went over with his hand held out.
When the two of their hands connected, instead of the normal system message, Logan was able to speak clearly to the system. The system was then also able to show images of everything that had happened to Quinn so far. Including all of the conversations they had.
Usually, a normal human Brain wouldn't be able to process all of this information at once, but it was being downloaded into Logan's mind like a hard drive. The system knew this would only work with someone like Logan.
Quinn, on the other hand, had no clue what was happening, and could just see, that Logan was remaining still. Then after a few minutes. Logan let go of Quinn's hand. He then raised it and touched the collar around his neck, removing it. Before sitting back down in his chair.
"What happened?" Quinn asked.
"I understand why, you did what you did Quinn. If I was in the same situation as you I don't know how I would be able to handle it. Perhaps I would have chosen to seclude myself even further away from everyone. All the actions you took, I can not blame you, because in a way it was the only thing you could do."
After receiving the information, Logan then tried to put himself in Quinn's shoes. Although some of the things he did were bad, could be avoided was a big question. This would ultimately make up Logan's mind whether Quinn was a bad person or not. 
After running multiple different scenarios in his head, he had found a couple of ways where he would have been able to have come out or done better but Quinn had never made a truly misguided decision. And even now he was thinking of a way to turn Peter back to normal without hurting anyone.
It made him happy to find out that, Quinn's character and personality were still the same he thought it was. Still, what made him even happier was he was able to find out more details about the system. How was it possible that someone in this era could create an AI so complex.
The Ai itself reminded Logan of his ability.
The two of them sat there for a while. Logan continued to think of all the things he had learned today. The fact that Vampires were real didn't interest him as much as the system part, but now that the two of them were linked he wanted to know more about them as well.
Quinn had remained quiet, unsure how Logan had taken everything he had just learnt, and then Logan suddenly took off the suit and it formed the original small black ball he had in his hand before.
"You know," Logan said. "I can help you with your problem?"
"Problem?"
"Getting the human flesh, there is a way," Logan replied.
****

EP-184 Dark Marketplace
Then, whenever they arrived at a safe place or a random hall, he would break the skill, allowing their minds to be cleared. It also returned them to normal as if nothing had ever happened. The group did the very same thing to all three students, and they were all fully healed as normal.
"What are we going to do about the window?" Peter asked.
"Don't worry, I can deal with that. I will just make the other two students in the room think that they were in a fight. They can just take the blame." Fex said.
Although Fex was growing a bit tired since he had used his influence skill a lot today, taking up his mental energy, he merely held out to achieve their goal. However, he would need a good rest after everything was over and done with.
"Should we go check up on Quinn?" Peter asked.
"You two can go, but I don't want to get blasted again," Fex said as he looked down, noticing that his wound had finally healed.
Just then, the beep sound of the door was heard. Knowing that it wasn't going to be Fex's roommates, everybody prepared themselves for the worst to come. Nevertheless, when they saw Logan enter the room with Quinn trailing him, they were able to relax a little.
There were no teachers, and Logan no longer looked frightening without him donning the mech suit.
"It's okay guys. Logan knows everything." Quinn said.
"Everything?" Peter asked.
They thought that Quinn had lied, perhaps, or had only told the truth about Peter. But in reality, Logan knew more than everyone in the room. Logan now knew about the system as well as the vampires.
Logan then Pointed at Peter, and as he spoke to each person, he would move along to the next.
"Yes, I know that you are a ghoul," Logan said pointing. "You are a vampire-like Quinn. Also, you're a strange person who seems to be wrapped up in this, more so than you should be. My conclusion is that you are crazy."
Peter looked towards Vorden and could see his eyebrow was twitching up and down. If there was one word that Vorden didn't like, it was the word crazy.
"Anyway, I propose we all head upstairs to my room, because I have a solution to your little eater problem. Follow me."
Logan left the room and Quinn followed behind while signalling to the others that it was alright to do so.
"You guys can go ahead without me," Fex said. "I've done my part, so there are no more favours in between us. I did my thing and you did your thing."
As the others left the room, Fex was finally able to lie down on his bed. The wound and the strain from the multiple uses of influence skill had drained all his energy, He didn't follow them because he didn't want to be seen as weak in front of the others - Afraid that they might use it as a chance to get rid of him.
"I'll just go ahead and close my eyes," Fex said as he nearly instantly went to sleep.
The boys, except for Fex, had finally made it into Logan's room and made sure that the door was firmly shut behind them.
"Are you sure this isn't all a trap, Quinn? How is this guy meant to help us." Logan whispered.
"I don't know," Quinn replied. "He hasn't told me anything yet, but I trust him. He helped me out with the watch and knew about my shadow abilities, yet still didn't tell anyone. I see no reason for him to tell others about this as well."
Logan then logged in to his computer as usual. From the surface of the computer screen, a light shone out and a projection appeared, allowing the others to see everything that Logan was doing.
"The problem is that you need a fresh piece of human meat, correct? But the human meat shouldn't be rotten, so going to the cemetery is not an option. You also couldn't sneak into the hospital due to the surveillance cameras." Logan explained.
He then went onto a certain site. It looked exactly like the marketplace where Quinn had gone on to buy his equipment, only this was slightly different. Instead of a white background on the webpage, it was black.
"I will introduce you to a whole new world you probably didn't even know existed." Said Logan "We call this the Dark Market place. It contains items that aren't allowed to be sold in the regular marketplace. It even has a request board, one that can evade the eyes of the government."
"What kind of things are on there?" Peter asked.
"Sometimes, they will ask someone to steal information from their competitors. Some jobs even include hiring assassins to hit on certain people all around the world. Usually, if there is something that you want to get, you can find it here." Said Logan.
"I've heard of this before," Vorden said. "But I had no clue how to access it. It seems like only certain people within a group know how to. My family said they would let me know once I am old enough."
"That's because the Dark Marketplace only allows certain individuals to get a membership. However, my ability allows me to bypass any restrictions, and I can log in with no worries."
Logan then typed into the search bar and straight away, what they were looking for appeared. The words could be seen "Fresh human flesh available now - Cut less than 24 hours ago."
Seeing this scared the others a little. They were still young and naive. They knew the world had taken a turn for the worse, yet this seemed like a few steps too far. But even in the past, in the old age of the internet, there was a similar service like this called the Dark web.
Seeing this, Quinn started to read the description and found something strange.
The item has been shrunk, wrapped, and filled with nitrogen to keep it as fresh as possible. It had also been dried of all blood, so the customer can only get the flesh itself.
"Logan, could you check for me? Is there any way to get blood?" Quinn asked.
The others thought that Quinn perhaps didn't want to rely on Layla or Vorden any longer. If he could get an endless supply online, that would be a big help for him. However, Quinn was hoping for a shortcut, but seeing the fact that the human flesh had been dried of blood made him feel a little suspicious of the ensuing transaction.
Logan did a quick type, and to his surprise, the screen said: "No results found." This was the Dark marketplace, as long as there was a demand for something, then they would have it. Yet this time, they didn't have blood? It was certainly strange.
"I find it odd that there isn’t be blood on this. Regardless, even before vampires began to exist, some underground hospitals and groups would need them for emergencies. Perhaps I should look into this more." Logan continued to ponder on the subject.
"So, are we able to order the flesh then?" Peter asked.
"Ah yes, I'll do that for you now," Logan replied.
The flesh cost quite a sum - It was around 10,000 credits, the same price as an advanced tier beast core. However, Logan had covered the cost of the flesh for them. He stated that he would much rather let himself do this than allow them to go around the school, trying to cut someone's limb off.
Although this was bad in its way, the flesh already existed in the marketplace. The person was dead and there was nothing they could do.
Once he placed the order online, just like in the marketplace, he had received a code. When the confirmation was sent, he was ready to receive his package. In his room, Logan had a teleporter receiver for packages. He often ordered things online and on the Dark marketplace for parts for his gadgets.
After typing the code in, the item suddenly appeared in a box. They opened it up and it was shrunk, wrapped, and covered with ice, just like the order had said.
Quinn used his inspection skill. Thereafter, the description stated that there wasn't a single part of it that had blood on them.
After taking it out, they placed the meat in Peter's hands, and Logan couldn't stop staring at him. He was interested in seeing how Peter was able to eat the meat.
Although Peter was a little shy, he quickly gobbled up the food. When he saw that it was similar to an animal eating meat, Logan lost his interest once again.
[7/7 different pieces of human flesh have been consumed by your ghoul]
[Quest complete]
[Evolution process will begin!]
*****

EP-185 Peter Evolving
"Peter what's wrong, are you okay?" Vorden said, with a worried expression. He was shaking Peter who had fallen and was lying on the ground. Peter was clutching his tummy with both hands, he felt like a fire was spreading out from that point all over his body.
"Guys! Give him some space!" Quinn said, "He's evolving! I don't know what he'll turn into, or what's going to happen to him next."
Quinn knew from his own experience how painful the process of evolving was, but more than that, he was worried about what Peter might turn into.
Quinn had immediately asked the system what Peter would evolve into, but the response he received worried him. The system said that there were many possibilities and it couldn't predict which one Peter would evolve into. He had thought that completing his quest and letting Peter evolve, would be the end of his problems, but once again, the system had kept some information from him.
When lower-class creatures like ghouls evolved, there were many different classes they could change into. Sometimes, by using certain methods, the classes someone would evolve into could be influenced, but mostly it was a random process that depended on the situation and personality of the individual.
Every class had its own set of skills, and some were rarer than others. But when Quinn found out about a specific class a ghoul could evolve into, he became very upset, it was the class known as the wendigo. Out of all the classes Peter could evolve into, this was the worst. It was the only class that would still require him to eat human flesh, but that was not the only issue with the class.
The system had added that because they managed to feed Peter quickly, it wasn't likely he would turn into a wendigo, but there were no guarantees.
All of them stepped back, to give Peter some space. Logan turned his spider-bots into a cannon attached to his arm and aimed it at Peter. He hadn't covered his whole body this time, but just enough to create the cannon. Logan looked at the others with a determined look on his face.
"I'm not taking any chances," Logan said, "There are too many things left in this world that I still need to discover and investigate."
Vorden agreed with him and thought his actions were very reasonable. He was glad Logan had something to point at Peter, because he only had the healing ability right now, and that wasn't any help if things went wrong with the evolution.
The groans coming from Peter were getting louder, and he started to shake all over. This much pain he had never experienced before, it felt like something was trying to break all the bones in his body.
As they nervously watched Peter, they started to see visible changes in his body. His skin began to shrink and tighten, and turn white all over. He didn't look sick or weak, the scene reminded Vorden of what Quinn had looked like before his evolution into a full vampire.
It looked like Peter's body hadn't lost any mass, but it looked like he was shrivelling up and was dehydrated.
"Hey, he's not turning into a wendigo is he?" Quinn asked the system.
"I'm don't know for sure, but you should be prepared for the worst. I'll be honest with you, these are the signs of someone turning into one. If that's the case, I think it would be best to allow Logan to just kill Peter." the system replied.
"But I thought you said I couldn't kill Peter? Also, why can't we just feed him again till he evolves, like last time?" Quinn asked, with a mix of fear and hope in his voice.
"For your first question, as long as it is someone else who is going to kill Peter, and you don't try to abandon him at that moment, anyone can kill him. Secondly, unlike other classes, wendigo's can't evolve anymore, and unlike a ghoul, they aren't loyal to their master at all. They have lost their intelligence entirely, and can only react based on instinct, they have only one thing on their mind, which is food.
"The only bit of loyalty they have left is that they won't attack their master, but for the rest of their undead lives they will continue to hunt and kill humans to eat their flesh." the system replied, dashing Quinn's hope.
Quinn didn't like the idea of it, but if Peter turned into a wendigo, he had no other choice. Too many people had already gotten hurt. He had felt guilty about Peter's situation, which was why he was doing his best to help him, but this was a cost that would be too high even for him.
At the same time, there was something that was worrying Peter a lot more right now, his heartbeat was starting to slow down, with the pain on top of this he thought perhaps he was dying. However, even though his heart wasn't beating anymore, he could still feel everything, and it didn't feel like he was dead at all.
Then finally, his heartbeat had stopped entirely and at the same time, so did the pain.
[Congratulations, your Ghoul has successfully evolved into a Wight]
[Blood ritual skill has evolved]
[1/3 Slots remaining for the Cursed family]
As Peter stood up from the floor, his face looked more sunken in than before, and his skin was slightly paler. Immediately Peter grabbed his chest for some reason, and he held it there for a while, yet there was nothing, not a single beat was felt.
"Tell us your name, age and where you are!" Logan shouted. He had to make sure that Peter was right in the head.
"I don't answer to you." Peter snapped. "I will only answer to one." He said, pointing at Quinn.
Quinn then repeated the question.
"Peter chuck, 16 and we are inside Logan's room sir."
Satisfied with the answers, Logan put his hand down but also made sure not to take the mechanical weapon.
[Inspect]
[Name: Peter Chuck]
[Race: Wight]
[Stats: Will correspond with creator until it reaches its limit]
Seeing the last bit of information had given Quinn a surprise. This meant right now that Peter had the same stat points as Quinn. He was just as strong and just as fast. Although the second part would suggest it would continue to increase as long as Quinn got stronger, at some point, it would reach a cap.
"What is a Wight though? Is it bad like the wendigo or one of the better ones?" Quinn asked.
"Why don't you use your inspect skill and see?" the system replied. "If you select the race option with your mind, it should pull up more information."
[Race: Wight]
[An undead creature which is fast and sneaky in the night. They are best used as a form of an assassin. Wight's have a high level of intelligence similar to humans, although their personalities could not be said to be the same.
They are lawful to their creator, but once they see someone as their enemy, they will do everything in their power to get rid of them.
Wights are immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, Mind control, and diseases. They also contain a skill that will allow them to turn a killed victim into another lesser Wight [0/2] ]
Vorden could see, Quinn taking in something, he noticed he did this from time to time and then would eventually explain what was going on.
Perhaps it was some sort of vampire skill or something. But it did make him wonder where he got all his vampire knowledge from, he had always assumed that it was Layla the Vampire freak feeding him this information.
"Is everything okay, do we still need to feed him human flesh?" Vorden asked.
"It's alright, Peter you are no longer a ghoul, you're now something known as a Wight," Quinn replied.
After explaining everything to Peter, he finally understood why his heart had stopped beating. He was an undead creature, no longer alive.
"Can I die, sir?" Peter asked.
Quinn found it strange that Peter kept referring him to Sir, but could only assume it had something to do with his class change. It seemed to also cause a slight personality change in Peter as well.
"Well, you're already dead. There is no longer any need for you to eat human flesh and you're unnatural healing abilities will heal you most of the time. But if you do get to hurt and you use too much energy, you will once again have to eat human flesh, although there is no longer any requirement for it to be fresh." Quinn explained as the system continued to inform him.
Everyone in the room could finally relax and sit down. It was finally all over. Still, Peter had decided to leave the personality change that the system said a Wight would have. Since it seemed like Peter was being Lawful to his creator like it said it would, it most likely meant the second part was genuine as well.
If a Wight saw anyone as its enemy, then he would do everything he could to get rid of the person. As long as no one tried messing with him for now, everything should be okay.
But there was one upcoming situation left that they had to deal with, that was worrying him about this. His next meeting with Duke is in a few days.
***

EP-186 Breaking free
Vorden was sure he had covered all their tracks with Fex. The last thing he wanted to do was get caught, yet they did. If they had slipped up somewhere and Fex was able to find out, then this meant others could find out about what happened to them as well.
Logan then walked over to Peter, who turned his head and gave him a dead-eye stare. Seeing this Quinn immediately intervened.
"Peter stop that!" It was almost like an instinct for Quinn to do this. Like he was telling off a bad dog growling at another person.
The wristwatch had been removed and Logan made a few adjustments using his glove before handing it back to Peter to put back on.
For now, he had removed the listening device implanted. That's when he noticed that the heartbeat sensor inside hadn't indicated a signal in a while.
If he had found this out too late the guards would have rushed over. although he didn't know why he could only assume it had something to do with evolution. He decided to also make a fake signal so it would indicate that Peter was alive.
Peter had become a lot less talkative and at the same time, it seemed like he wasn't as timid before. It was causing a strange atmosphere in the room.
"Peter why don't you come over by me," Quinn said, noticing how everyone was feeling.
Peter then walked over to where Quinn as, while constantly looking around the room as if he was watching out for any dangers.
"I planted a listening device into Peter's wristwatch when you asked me to make adjustments. I felt like you were hiding something. So this was the best cause of action."
Hearing this News Quinn felt like he had no right to be upset with Logan. He was hiding things from him and even now Quinn still hadn't told him a few things, "It's okay, Logan are we still friends?" Quinn asked.
"We're friends?" Logan replied with an odd look on his face.
"Of course, Friends help each other out, and you've helped me more than ever," Quinn explained.
"Well, if that's the case this seems to be a one-way friendship since you haven't helped out with anything at all yet," Logan replied.
Although Logan sounded rude, he wasn't. Logan had always been honest like this and didn't know about human feelings.
As the three were leaving the room Quinn stopped by the door and pointed at the briefcase he had looked at before with Logan. "You're right," Quinn said. "I haven't helped you when you helped me so much. You know that briefcase from before, well my system says it was made by Richard Eno."
With that piece of information, Logan's thoughts were confirmed, he knew it.
"You are my friend Quinn!" Logan shouted as the door shut.
The biggest worry looming over their heads had finally disappeared but that didn't mean they were completely in the clear. While Vorden and Peter had decided to go back to tier rooms, Quinn decided he would go visit the girls and update them on the situation.
They knew what they were planning to do today, although Lyla was happy to help, Erin didn't want to be anywhere near Fex, and Vorden strongly agreed to this as well. So Layla and Erin had agreed to stay out of it for the most part and allowed the others to help Peter out.
Boys weren't allowed in girls' dorm rooms, and although they usually weren't very strict on this rule, it was currently night time and it would be curfew time so Quinn was more worried if anyone were to see him. After a knock on the door, he spoke through the door to confirm it was him and the three of them then went for a walk down the hallway while Quinn explained everything that happened.
"So he won't have to eat humans anymore, and there is no need to get involved with that Fex kid again? Good." Erin said.
After hearing everything that happened it seemed like they were able to solve Peter's problem with ease and thanks to the dark market place if another ghoul was created they would be able to solve the problem a lot easier.
'Should I experiment with myself first before telling the others?' Layla thought. 'Just maybe…if I get strong enough, I can break free.'
Still, after Quinn had told them everything, Layla could tell that something else was on his mind.
"What's wrong is there another problem?" she asked.
Quinn then proceeded to tell them the situation with Duke, how they desperately wanted Peter to learn the level four earth ability by the end of the week. The major problem was Peter didn't have an earth ability and he was too involved to cut ties.
"Wait, did you say the end of this week, this Sunday?" Layla asked.
"Yeah, that's what Peter told us," Quinn replied.
Layla was visibly shaken after she heard this news, but she forced her facial expression to remain neutral. The message she had received from one of the Pure agents, was Truedream would be coming at the end of the week. On the same day, they wanted Peter to learn the ability.
If the others found out Truedream was coming over, they wouldn't find it a big deal. Since he had close ties to the military and would often visit the military basis. But Layla knew the truth.
One of the Pure group's biggest targets was Truedream, he was the whole reason why the military was able to keep such a strong grip on everyone. The reason why he was coming, of course, was to take students' abilities from them to add them to his men.
And Peter had been selected as one of the Targets.
After finishing their talk the group decided to leave each other and head for their rooms for the night. When Quinn opened the door, he was surprised to see Vorden rushing over to him.
"Quinn, thank heavens your back!" Vorden said. "Peter he's become a weirdo, he just standing above his head and won't listen to anything I say. I was trying to relax, listen to some music but I can't with him just standing there staring. What the hell happened to him?"
Quinn started to laugh nervously, it looked like Peter had changed more than he thought. "Peter you can rest, why don't you lie on the bed."
Peter did as asked but when lying on the bed they noticed he didn't close his eyes.
"System what's up with him? " Quinn asked.
"Don't worry he just recently changed, you have to think of him as a newborn person, he will soon start to do things on his own more often but now that he is an undead, he will no longer require any sleep." The system replied.
Seeing this made Quinn a little upset, the old fragile scared Peter had completely disappeared and was no longer there. Even though Quinn had saved him, had he? It seemed like Peter was now an entirely different person and he didn't even know who he was looking at anymore.
***
Inside the girls' room, Layla herself was having trouble sleeping, there were three days before Truedream would arrive on campus. Which meant she had three days to figure out a way to tell the others what was going to happen to Peter, without revealing who she was.
***

EP-187 Feeling Useless
She didn't want to imagine what would happen when Truedream found out that Peter had no ability that could be taken. She was aware of his intentions, from what the boys and Pure had told her, Layla had accurately deduced the specifics of Duke's plan.
Every term, Truedream would visit a different military base. However, it turned out that he visited a particular one more often than the others, and that was military base two. This was the reason why Layla had been sent to this place.
Something strange was going on with military base two, they hadn't been able to figure out what yet, because so far every agent they sent had disappeared. Thus, they decided to do things differently this time, so instead of sending a grownup, they decided to send an agent, who was at the age of the draft, a student.
The reason for Truedream's visit was to acquire different abilities from students. Every time that Truedream used his ability, it would also increase his ability level along with it. His skill bypassed almost all the information that they had about mutant cells.
After taking someone's ability away, he could then implant the ability into a new person. Their body would automatically get the same ability level as the one that was taken. Nevertheless, they would still need to take the time to get familiar with the ability and learn all the skills.
This was why they were offering Peter a lot of ability books, and it also explained why they were hurrying him to get his ability to level four. There were always certain criteria when it came to choosing which students to use for this. The first and most important criterion was, they should never hail from an original family.
Although Truedream's family was one of the big four, usually other originals were also part of the big four, or under the banner of one. So this criterion was added to avoid a war between the big four.
They needed students who wouldn't stand out so that people wouldn't notice, or care if they were to go missing. As such another one of the criteria was, the student had to come from a poor family, ones with no backing or support.
Quinn was still safe because the school believed that at present he had no ability, but both Layla and Peter's abilities were documented, and both of them fulfilled the criteria. It was different for them, there was a possibility that along with Peter, Layla was also a target.
Layla had entered the school using false documents, her family wasn't prominent, but she didn't mind if she was to lose her ability. She had only obtained it for the mission in the first place. The only thing that she didn't want was to end up like Peter and be the military's lap dog. She needed an outside position, where she could observe everything that was happening without getting involved.
With all things said, she didn't have to warn them about what could happen, but Layla wanted to. The question left was, how should she go about explaining what she had discovered?
****
The morning combat classes had started and Layla had wanted to team up with Quinn, hoping she would be able to get a hint on what they were planning with Peter.
Unfortunately, before she could even reach Quinn, he had already gone off to Fex. Although the two of them didn't talk much, she could see that Quinn was enjoying himself while practising with Fex. Perhaps, it was because they were both of the same race or had something else in common.
She could tell a real friendship was beginning to develop. 'I hope I will have something like that, it all seems so real instead of this fakeness.' Layla thought as she looked at her disposition.
"What are you daydreaming about?!" Erin shouted. "I can't believe we have to continue practising these stupid leg techniques. This is the beast weapons class, not the martial arts class. And Leo said he wouldn't move on until he was satisfied with the performance of every single one of us," She complained, with a slight look of frustration on her face.
The two girls continued to train together using the leg techniques, but a slip in Layla's concentration caused her to drop her guard. She wasn't able to lift her knee in time, as how she usually would during practice, and instead, Layla took a full-blown kick from Erin, to her side.
"Ouch!" Layla exclaimed as she dropped to the floor while gripping her side.
"What's wrong? We have practised that kick so many times, I was sure you would be able to block something like that?" Erin said as she walked over, and offered her hand to her fallen comrade.
Layla lifted her hand to grab Erin's, but the pain on her side hurt even more. Furthermore, she noticed a stinging pain arise every time she breathed. "What the hell? I knew your sword skills were monstrous, but where did you get such strength in your kicks? I think you broke one of my ribs."
"Would you stop complaining?" Erin said as she knelt, and placed her hand on her friend's side. She then activated her ice ability, ever so slightly, causing the muscles around that area to become numb from the cold, and also taking the pain away.
"Can someone call the guard and take her to the doctor's office?" Leo said.
Erin then lifted Layla from the ground, allowing her to use her shoulder for support. "Don't worry, I will take her. Besides, she needs to walk a little bit on her own. It will only make her stronger," Erin said.
The two girls then started to leave the room together. As they were walking, Layla couldn't help but feel useless and pathetic. Other than a blood bank for Quinn, what use did Layla have? She hadn't even been helpful in the fight with the Dalki. If it wasn't for Erin, the two of them would have been dead back then.
And Vorden, although a bit messed up in the head, was very powerful. The only one who was even more worthless than her was Peter, and that wasn't much of an achievement.
"Would you please stop crying? I didn't mean to hit you that hard. You usually block something like that," Erin said, in an attempt to comfort Layla.
Layla didn't even notice, since her thoughts were so muddled that tears were now slowly descending from her eyes. She wiped them away, and simply put on a brave smile.
"Oh, it's not that. I was just thinking about how useless I am to the team whenever we're in a fight," Layla said.
"Well, you're not wrong about that," Erin replied, not realising how harsh she sounded.
Although Erin was right, it still hurt Layla to hear it straight from her mouth.
"But you help in other ways. You were the one who thought about that blood bowl, remember? I can't say much, but honestly, if you weren't there to hold me back sometimes, I would have already shoved a few spikes up the boy's backsides."
Layla laughed. "Erin, this is kind of a strange question to ask but, are we friends?"
"Well, I don't carry everyone I hurt, out of the room."
Although Erin didn't say it, Layla knew her well enough to know what she was like by now.
Back at the training hall, the lesson had just finished for the day. Quinn had managed to work up quite a sweat all the while going up against Fex. Truth to be told, Fex was the only person in the room who he could go against while merely using a fraction of his power, outside of Leo of course.
When practising with Layla and Erin, he would always have to hold back his power slightly, but with Fex, it was different.
Now that the lesson was over for the day, students were free to do what they wanted. That's the moment when Quinn noticed Fex, who was looking around the room oddly and was kicking the floor about until he eventually started to speak up.
"Hey, uh… I know this is kind of strange to ask after everything that happened between us, but what are you planning to do after this?" Fex asked.
Lately, whenever Fex would try to approach people, they would turn away as soon as they saw his watch. It was a strange reaction, but he had finally understood the matter when he saw the mistreatment going on around the school.
This caused him to be quite an outcast, yet that wasn't the only problem. He was also incredibly bored. With no one to talk to and nothing to explore, he started to look forward to the training sessions with Quinn.
"Me, umm, I was planning to go to the VR gaming room?" Quinn replied.
"VR gaming room, what's that?" Fex asked, with a little bit of excitement in his eyes.
"I can show you if you want. You want to come along?"
"Well, I mean, if you want me to come that bad, sure," Fex replied, his anticipation clearly showing through his faux shy demeanour.
****

EP-188 The Starter Ring
While Quinn had to prepare his trusty umbrella and prop it up before stepping into the sun. It was a strange action but not too strange that it gathered the attention of others. Earth had gotten hotter over the years and there were quite a few people who wished to protect their skin with the use of UV umbrellas. On a hot day like today, no one would bat an eye at what Quinn was doing.
Seeing this Fex looked at Quinn oddly, he had only seen a Vampire use such things in really old books, he couldn't help but giggle at the thought that Quinn looked like an old man.
"What are you doing with that old thing?" Fex asked. "Do you not have a Ring." He lifted his hand showing the small ring, Quinn was now close enough to see that it did look like the one in his shop. After using his inspection skill it confirmed the fact that it was the very same ring.
Quinn didn't know how to reply to Fex, the system had informed him that one of these rings were the basics of vampires and it seemed like if he was to come up with something it would reveal him even sooner.
But while Quinn was trying to come up with a lie, Fex was the one who once again came up with his explanation.
"Oh, I see now..." Fex said. "You are one of those Vampires raised here on earth aren't you? Trained to blend in and report back. I guess that's why you didn't go through the formal initiation and don't have one of these."
When Fex said those words something had caught his attention. The fact that Fex said one of the Vampires on earth. Did this mean other Vampires came from another planet? Were Vampires a type of alien too?
"System do you have an answer for this?" Quinn asked.
"I'm afraid I'm just as confused as you are, as far as I know, Vampires have always existed on earth alongside humans. Although, I'm afraid I don't know how much time has passed since your family has had the book, so a lot could have changed by then." The system replied.
Looking at Fex, it seemed like he was showing off his ring quite proudly and that's when Quinn remembered the requirements to get the ring. It was to kill 10 Deathbats, an advanced type creature. This brought back memories for Quinn of how hard it was for him to defeat an intermediate creature. He couldn't imagine how hard an advanced tier creature was and the many more classes above them.
"Was the initiation hard?" Quinn asked.
Fex started to laugh nervously at this question. "Was it hard, of course, it was hard! Yet I was one of the youngest vampires to ever complete it." As he said this he lifted his chest a bit to make himself feel a little bigger.
The Vampire continued, "You see the initiation is getting the materials for the ring itself. A young vampire must go out and slay ten Deathbats. Once you earn this ring you are no longer required to go through regular school training with all the rest, but it seems I just jumped from one training pool into another." Fex finished, a little depressed.
Although Quinn didn't know why he could tell Fex was slightly nervous when answering the question. It helped that he was the type that was easy to read what they were feeling because they didn't hide the emotions on their face at all.
However, this conversation reminded Quinn about how he had to be cautious around Fex. Although the two of them seemed to be on friendly terms, he still couldn't trust him and didn't know what his goal here at the school was.
The fact that he managed to kill ten advanced tier beasts was a big reminder of the difference between the two of their strengths.
As they continued to walk to the VR centre Fex looked at his ring and felt a little guilty. He had lied to Quinn just now. He hadn't earned the ring like he said he did. Fex was hoping to become one of the youngest vampires to ever complete the initiation.
He had gone out and travelled and fought against the death bat, but after a gruesome fight and near-death experience with one, Fex only just managed to come out on top. He thought with him being at the top of his class he was ready, but it seemed like it wasn't the case.
He was embarrassed though, before he had left the school classes he had told everyone how easy it would be for him to achieve such a task. If they were to find out he only managed to defeat one before giving up he would become a laughing stock.
So, in turn, he decided to go on to the marketplace and hire some Travellers to hunt the beasts for him, with this he managed together most of the crystals needed to make the Ring, but his last traveller who accepted the contract never replied.
In the end, it was all thanks to the Blood evolve who placed the crystal in the marketplace that he was able to craft the ring.
They had finally arrived at the VR room and it was a sight that Fex had never seen before, although he wasn't amazed because it just looked like a room full of sleeping capsules. Judging by his reaction, Quinn could tell Fex had no idea what these were.
"Don't worry, I was confused when I came here for the first time as well. Just follow me and I'll let you know about the basics." Quinn said.
They went to the counter and Quinn paid for both him and Fex to play in the capsules for a few hours. Quinn still had plenty of money left from the crystals he had sold earlier. On top of that he also still had nine crystals that hadn't been used to create the suit that he could also sell from the last outing.
"Hey I have my own money you know, you didn't have to pay for me?" Fex said, displaying his golden card.
"Don't worry," Quinn said gritting his teeth not realizing his mistakes. If he knew Fex had money he wouldn't have paid for him, he wasn't some charity and right now he wanted to save up every credit he had. It was only to find out more about Vampires that Quinn was being so nice to him.
He didn't think Vampires would have much money, after all, how would they obtain such a thing when they were hiding all the time. Instead, it seemed like Fex was some spoiled rich kid if he was waving the gold card around like that.
Unlike Vorden who also had a gold card but didn't have much money in it, to begin with.
Quinn proceeded to show, how to operate the machine and such before getting in. he then took note of his capsule number so it was easier for him to add him to his friend's list.
They both got into the pods and logged into the game. Fex's whole mind was then transported to the large empty white lobby space. "Wow, what is this?" Fex said. "Was I teleported somewhere? No, it can't be it feels a little strange, from what Quinn said, only my mind is being used to control this. Wow, this is amazing I wonder why the other Vampires don't use this?"
Just as Fex was in deep thought thinking about it he had received a friend request.
[User ID Blood evolver would like to add you.]
****

EP-189 Returning the favour
"Blood evolver, no it can't be?" Fex thought.
While looking at the name he realised that it was the same user ID that was also used in the marketplace when he had bought the beast crystal. However, it was quite common for people to use the same user IDs when logging into different websites and games.
And what were the chances of someone else having the same user ID and also being a vampire? Fex had found it strange in the first place that someone had been selling the crystal. The planet where the Deathbats were populated on wasn't a place where Travellers would go too often.
It was one of the reasons why the Vampires had decided to use it as their training ground. On top of the fact that their crystals could be used to create the ring.
When Fex first saw the crystal, he thought maybe someone had killed a Bat along the way and didn't know what to do with it, and chose to sell it after finding out it could only be used to create a silly ring. After all, it did not affect humans. Not even a little buff in strength.
But now thinking about it more, all sorts of questions started running through his head. If Quinn was the same person, what was he doing on that planet and how did he get a death Bat crystal? Fex knew his strength, and he wasn't strong enough to beat one.
And even if he was, why wouldn't he keep the crystal for himself and make a ring of his own instead of using that silly umbrella? As of now, nothing was making sense in his head and thinking about it was starting to make it hurt.
He accepted the friend request, and immediately Quinn was transported to the same white space that Fex was in as well.
"Foxy Fex?" Quinn said, looking at his user name.
"What, you don't like it?" Fex said. "Better than Blood evolver, what are you trying to do, tell everyone out there you're a vampire?"
Quinn laughed nervously back. "I thought it would be vague enough, plus who else but other vampires would think that," Quinn replied
This was the confirmation Fex needed. No other vampire out there would be silly enough to have a name such as Blood evolver. The name was a little bit childish and Quinn kind of fit that image. A naive young Vampire. Although Fex couldn't talk much himself. Though this only added to the mystery of Quinn for Fex.
Still, it didn't change the fact that thanks to Quinn selling the crystal Fex was finally able to leave his home and enjoy the outside world. So far his experiences hadn't been great, but it was different, and he was slowly learning to enjoy them.
It wasn't the same boring old routine he would practice in and out, and Fex wanted to thank Quinn for that in some way.
While standing there and thinking about everything. Fex could see Quinn using his blood skills in the game. Not only that, but he was able to use them constantly without getting tired.
"What is that!" Fex asked.
"This?" Quinn replied.
Quinn then explained how while in the lobby of the game, they were able to practice using their vampire skills without tiring out. But once they were in the game, their normal body limits would be put on them as usual.
Quinn didn't talk about the HP reduction not working while in the game but since the system said only his vampire skills was linked to a system-like thing he thought it would be hard to explain.
After trying out a few skills here and there, Fex had a big grin on his face. He then started performing his martial arts while mixing in the blood skills. The main skills he used were blood swipe and blood spray. But once in a while, he would use skills that Quinn had never seen before, such as the blood wall and a few others.
Still, what had impressed Quinn the most while watching him practice was the martial arts he was performing with his fists. They were fast and compact, and he could tell it increased the efficiency of something like blood spray.
When Fex had stopped, he walked over to Quinn with a hop in his step. "Hey man, this is great! I wonder why the vampires don't have a bunch of these in their buildings. It could help the kids train. Although, I guess if they get too used to the game, then it wouldn't help them out that much in a real battle but still this is great!"
While Fex was yammering away, he noticed that Quinn was staring at the blank space where Fex was standing. He started waving his hand in front of Quinn to see if he was still there.
"Hello?" Fex said, still waving his hand.
"Oh, sorry," Quinn replied. "I was just looking at your martial arts."
"Oh yeah, that's right, you didn't learn any did you since you grew up here and everything." Fex then started to think if there was something he could do. Then something popped in his head an idea. "You know I can teach you the martial arts if you want?"
Fex thought this was a great idea. He wanted to repay Quinn for getting him the beats crystal he needed, and this could be his way of returning the favour secretly.
"Really, would that be okay?" Quinn asked.
"Why not, you're a vampire, so you have the right to learn it."
Fex then got into a fighting stance and tried to show all the motions to his attacks while explaining. "So for the first step you want to look like this, then you're going to feel the fighting energy rise. Next with your hands, you need to go Pow pow pow."  Fex said as he made every move. "Did you get all that?"
"Um, kinda?" Quinn started copying what Fex had done, but it didn't seem to be working out at all and even Fex realised this.
"I'm sorry, I guess I'm not the teacher type. I'm not that good at explaining things."
"It's okay," Quinn replied, but Fex could tell Quinn was a little down when saying this.
Then a lightning bolt idea had hit him. "Hey, there is something I can do. Although I can't show you or teach you through words, I could move your body."
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"Do you remember what I did to your friend on the roof? Well if you let me do the same to you, then I can show you how to use martial arts. My string puppet is unique, so when you perform it, it will feel like I'm performing the skills through your body." Fex explained. "Not only that, but it should allow you to memorize everything through your own body. In a way, this will be a shortcut, and you will learn it far quicker."
What Fex was offering wasn't a bad proposal, the problem was whether or not Quinn could trust him with his body.
****

EP-190 Testing something new
Judging by how long Quinn had remained silent, Fex could tell that he was in deep thought, deciding whether or not to trust him. And, Fex really couldn't blame him; if he was in Quinn's situation he would have done the same.
"Is there a risk to this?" Quinn asked the system.
After losing to Fex in battle so easily, and seeing him go toe to toe with Leo. He felt like learning the military martial art and the vampires would put him at a big advantage.
"I think you should go for it," The system replied. "In terms of other vampires, you're a bit weak and on the wimpy side. I think this would be major progress for you."
"I know that!" Quinn snapped back a little annoyed at the system's words. He knew he was weak but, the system didn't have to remind him every time.
"I'm talking about him taking control of me; what happens if it becomes permanent?"
"It won't be, vampires can't have other vampires as their puppets permanently. It was why he was so interested in your friend. If you want to remove the strings, you can forcibly cut them. Though it may take some time depending on your strength and it causes extreme pain."
"So there is the possibility he could use me to hurt those around me, even for a short period if he wanted to?"
That was when Quinn came up with an idea of his own. While in the normal gaming pods, both his and Fex's ability wasn't selectable. That was because these abilities seemed to be unique to vampires. However, it was different when using Logan's pod.
With his pod, he was able to program and record abilities, and perhaps find a way so the two of them could link up and use their abilities together.
Inside the game, there was no threat, no danger.
"Let me think about it for now," Quinn replied. "Why don't I show you how to play first?"
Quinn then showed the basics of how to use the game's interface. He also explained the matchmaking system and the process to select an ability.
Fex was pretty upset when he found out he wasn't able to use his strings-ability in-game but, his mood quickly changed when he realised he was able to customise his in-game avatar according to his preferences.
Fex designed his character in full-black clothing. He looked like an ancient ninja with a face mask and hood, only allowing his eyes to be seen.
He spent more time customizing his character than he did on anything else, and he had already used his money card to buy a few extra items for clothing to get the full set.
When comparing the Avatar Quinn's now looked incredibly plain. Since he was only able to use the free items that were available to everyone. He could spend the money he had, but he still remembered how he was struggling even getting ten credits not too long ago.
Finally, it was time for them to search for opponents. While doing so, Quinn went for the 'Quick Selection' option since he no longer gained Exp from low levels. The opponent would at least need to be at the level three mark for him to gain any Exp.
A match had been confirmed and Fex was transported to the seating area in the arena. He could see Quinn standing on one end while his opponent stood on the other. His opponent was skinny, tall, and seemed to resemble a tree.
What surprised him though was the fact that when he was sitting in the seating area, he wasn't the only one watching Quinn's fight.
"Hey, you're new," Nate said, looking at Fex.
"What is all this?" Fex asked, looking confused. "Is everyone here to see the two of them fight? His opponent must be pretty special."
He looked at the stand, noticing the crowd that had formed. There were fifty people in total, all dressed up in different avatars.  Judging by what Quinn had said about the game, this was optional. Meaning, all the people that had appeared had chosen to do so of their own volition.
"Of course, it seems like Blood Evolver has gained quite a following," Nate replied.
Since the last fight between Quinn and the level four user, people had become fans of him. They added him to his watch list; so, they would be notified whenever the Blood Evolver was online.
Originally, most of them were watching Quinn's matches for different reasons. He was known as a hacker, someone who was able to use abilities not programmed into the game. No one knew how he was able to do this.
But, after witnessing his stellar performance from the previous match, they had quickly forgotten about everything else and solely wanted to watch all of the Blood Evolver's upcoming fights.
Nate had watched all the fights Quinn fought so far; so, he recognised the regulars and the irregulars, which is why he was able to spot Fex right away.
"So, are you implying that all these people are here to see the Blood Evolver?" Fex asked. "What makes him so special?"
Nate thought about that for a while, looking deep in thought. After some time had passed, he finally came up with an answer.
"At first, it was his skills that interested me, much like everyone else here. But, after that, I noticed something; every time he came back to play the game, he would have grown in strength by leaps and bounds. And for some reason, watching someone grow from a small little fish, into a fierce dragon is exciting for me!" Nate explained, glancing at the match. "Now let's see how much you've grown this time."
The countdown for the match had begun and it was time for the two of them to fight.
Immediately, the tree-like student placed both of his hands on the ground. As he did, multiple thick tree roots started to form across the floor and spiralled their way towards Ray.
The first thing he did was perform a blood swipe at the roots, hoping to cut them down.
As the attack reached the roots, it caused the first set to break but it would keep coming forward.
[Wind walk activated]
With his tier two boots, he was able to outmanoeuvre the roots. Although there were many roots, and his blood swipes couldn't deal with all of them, he was able to outrun them with his speed.
He circled the attack and came to the student's side, preparing himself to try something he had been itching to try out since he had joined the game.
The wood user seeing this immediately shot out a large trunk from the palm of his hand that came out straight and fast.
"Flash step!" Performing the flash step, he avoided the attack and was now even closer to his opponent.
"Trees, protect me!" The wood user shouted and suddenly the user was surrounded by all sides with thick tree trunks. It was as if a forest had suddenly sprouted in the middle of the battlefield.
'This is perfect!' Quinn thought. Right now he wanted to test out the idea he had, and the student had decided to become a still target. It was perfect for practice.
Stopping in his tracks, he firmly planted both feet on the floor; then, from his toes, moving up to his hip, he swung out his leg like a whip. While doing all these actions, he started to think back to the feeling of performing blood swipe in his hands, the rush of energy that flowed through his body as they left his fingers.
While practising his kicks in the weapons hall, he had pictured this movement several times; and, right now was the first time he was combining the two. The energy flowed inside his body and was then released from his legs.
A single large line of red energy left with it, shaped like the crescent moon. It was far larger than that of his regular blood swipe.
As it hit the first set of tree trucks, it managed to slice through them with ease. The tree user ducked down in time, avoiding the attack from cutting his head off.
But Quinn wasn't done yet; he hopped and changed his stance slightly, performing the same kick with his other leg, cutting the trees down from the other side. Both sides of the tree trunks shook due to the slightly angled cut and fell to the floor.
The wood user was now panicking but, before he could even act, Quinn was already above him, performing the final axe kick, followed by a blood swipe.
[Level 4 opponent has been defeated]
[10 exp gained]
[80/100 experience points]
[Congratulations, a new skill has been created: Blood Crescent kick]
"It seems like you have gotten stronger once again," Nate said.
****

EP-191 Unique skill
He knew he still had a long way to go, but with everything that was happening, he wasn't sure if he had gotten any stronger. He needed this fight to gauge just how much he had improved.
Since the last time he played the game, he had gained a few extra stats, buffing up his body and his abilities. Even though he couldn't use his shadow skills in the game, he liked that it would force him to be creative in using his blood skills while fighting. All these things combined was what led him to come up with the new skill in today's match.
[New skill: Blood Crescent Kick]
"A new skill but how?" Quinn thought. It was the first time a skill had popped up without him having levelled up. He also didn't increase any stats to get the skill either.
"Impressive!" The system said, "It seems like you managed to create a unique skill. This is a skill that you made all on your own, one that was not part of the system originally."
By combining the martial art skills Leo had taught him with the Blood Swipe skill he had learned from the system, he had created a unique skill only he could use.
[Blood Crescent Kick: When using the skill while performing different types of kicks. A red line of blood aura in the shape of a crescent will be made. The attack carries a distance of ten meters but the aura will get smaller and weaker the further it travels. Cost: minus 2 HP for every kick]
Compared to the Blood Swipe skill, the two attacks were quite different. Blood Swipe released from Quinn's fingertips, forming a claw-like shape, and five small lines of red aura. He could also use Blood Swipe with both of his hands and bring the lines closer together to form a single stronger red line. However, this didn't seem to be as effective as two single Blood Swipes.
The good thing about blood Swipe was that because it had five separate lines, it covered a wider range, making it harder for a person to dodge, and they were more likely to use a block skill.
While the Blood Crescent Kick was a single large line of red aura. It was sharper, faster, and also had a longer range, but didn't have the same wide area of attack. There was also the fact that it cost 2 HP to use the kick instead of just 1 HP for a Blood Swipe.
This didn't look like a lot at first, but Quinn knew that in a prolonged fight like he had against the Dalki, it would soon add up fast. It was one of the main problems with combining Blood spray with his punches.
Fex having witnessed the whole thing was quite amazed. 'Did he come up with that skill himself? When did he have the time to learn it? I saw him learn the leg kicks at the same time as me, and how does he know how to use advanced skills like the flash step? Yet he doesn't even know the basic hand to hand combat of the vampires.'
As he was deep in thought, he heard a laugh by his side. "It looks like another one has been converted into a fan," Nate said, "You wouldn't believe it, but every time he fights he shows me something new, this kid is growing stronger fast."
"Every time?" Fex replied, "Are you sure he didn't just use these skills before?"
"I'm positive," Nate replied. "The first time we fought I beat him, I beat him in such a way that made sure he showed me everything he had. But then I watched him fight against someone else, and he showed me a new skill, if he had used that in our fight, I don't know how it would have... Looking at him now he's like an entirely different person from back then."
If what Nate was saying was true, Quinn was getting stronger at an incredibly fast pace. One that hadn't been seen throughout the history of vampires. 'Perhaps he is related to them, hmm… But I thought they all died out, if it's true, it would make sense why he has the shadow ability. Did they just move to earth instead?'
Quinn then sent a message to Fex, saying he was free to play a few games of his own if he wanted to. Right now Quinn wanted to practise this move.
Fex replied, saying it was okay, and he would wait as he wished to watch Quinn fight a couple more times.
Quinn went into his next matchmaking game again, and with it, the crowd had followed. At first, he found it strange, to see the people watching him. Since he had never played the game before, he was wondering if it was normal for so many people to be spectating one person.
Did they randomly stumble upon his match, or were they there because he had been on a winning streak for a while now, hoping he would eventually lose.
However, Quin didn't have time to worry about them and needed to worry about himself. In the next game, he was placed with a level two. Knowing he would get no experience in this match he tried to finish it as quickly as possible.
He activated the wind walk skill in his boots to get in close. Then he used Flash Step and performed the regular Hammer Strike from behind. Hammer Strike and Blood Hammer were still by far his two strongest attacks.
For Fex though, it was the first time he had witnessed Quinn using them. He never used it against him in their fight, possibly because Fex was too fast, since Hammer Strike took a brief moment to charge up. Against these weak people, it was fine, but against someone as fast as Fex it would allow them to get in a free hit.
'So he does know the vampire martial arts?!' Fex thought, "Arghh!" He screamed as he felt like pulling out his hair. "You know what, I'm going to have to just stop guessing and find out myself."
Two more matches were made and this time they were with another Level three user and a Level four user. These matches were closer and took more time but they weren't as strong as they could have been.
Quinn rarely matched up with second years who seemed to have higher tier beast equipment. Quinn could only assume that the system had designed it this way on purpose or just not many second years were playing the game. If there was one person who would know, it would be Logan, he made a mental note to ask him later.
After winning the two matches he had gained twenty more experience points and had decided to take a break.
[100/400 EXP]
Just as he was leaving the game, he had received a single message from Nate. "I'll see you soon, and make sure you join the fighting event." Quinn had remembered Nate quite clearly. It was another loss that had stuck in his mind.
And judging by this message, Quinn knew exactly what he was talking about. The upcoming military base event. Soon all the bases would meet up to compete in special events, each trying to show that they were able to raise the best and strongest students.
Quinn was excited for once, perhaps with this event, he would finally be able to show his strength.
****

EP-192 A new teacher!
Inside the VR gaming room, one of the Pod doors was abruptly opened and out stepped a fairly domineering man with a burly build physique. His neck was nearly as wide as his square-shaped head, and for some reason, he also decided to frame his hair in a way that was similar to how his head was sculpted.
However, after leaving the gaming Pod, having had enough for the day, he was eager to get ready and start practising for the upcoming event.
"A month left huh. I just wonder how much stronger you can get in that meantime?" Nate said with a smile on his face.
A few seconds later, a hissing sound was heard from the pod next to his. As the pressure was slowly released from the sealed door, it started to lift and Nate saw a friendly face peeking in between the aperture.
"Hey, that guy keeps getting better in every attempt, doesn't he?" Sam said. "I don't even know if I could beat him in a real battle the way he is now."
"You shouldn't talk down to yourself like that," Nate replied. "Remember, he's only a first-year and there are two major differences between the first years and the second years. One is our equipment." Nate said, pointing to the cape that was on Sam's back.
"And the second one is our soul weapons. I don't know many first-years who have been able to produce a soul weapon, and it's only something that they teach you in your second year."
The two of them started to walk back to their dorm rooms. It was already evening and getting late, so it was nearly time for them to go to bed. Nevertheless, they were both excited about what they had just witnessed.
"Wait, if he's a first-year, do you think they will let him fight in the tournament?" Sam asked.
"You saw his skills, right? At the rate that he is improving, even in a month, with or without a soul weapon, he should be able to match us. And that is a scary thought to have, but it makes my heart beat wildly at night."
"You're one strange dude," Sam said, looking at the creepy smile on the face of his companion. "Well, you're right about that. With the reputation he already has in the game, I won't be surprised if he's treated like a king at his school." Sam replied.
However, both of them were unaware of how truly wrong they were, because the school still did not know of Quinn's true strength, since he was still treated like level one trash.
The two of them soon went to sleep, ending their eventful day. When the morning arrived, they began to do their normal routine. After eating breakfast, it was time for them to head to their homeroom class. As they entered the room, they felt the strange atmosphere that was hovering in the air.
For one, the homeroom teacher hadn't arrived yet, and usually, the homeroom teacher would be there to welcome their arrival. The second thing that stood out was that the number of students that were gossiping away increased, and it seemed like the boys were far more excited about the topic of interest than the girls.
As he sat on his seat, with Sam next to him, he turned towards his companion.
"What's going on?" Nate asked.
"How the hell am I supposed to know? You and I came inside the room at the same time. I've been with you since yesterday, you big ox." Sam replied.
As they both listened carefully to the students who were engaged in their conversations, they managed to catch a few words. They eventually found out what all the commotion was about.
"Hey, did you see her?"
"What? That new teacher? Yeah, she's so beautiful."
"I wonder how strong she is. Aren't all military tutors are quite strong?"
"Most, but not all of them. She might just have a unique ability or was very knowledgeable in a club subject."
"Well, whatever class she's going to teach, I'm gonna sign up for every one of them."
It was clear from their dialogues that a new teacher was coming to school, and not just any teacher, but a true beauty at that.
After hearing this news, Nate started to straighten his clothes and made sure that his hair was neatly tucked and sat up straight.
"What the hell are you doing?" Sam said. "Do you think you're going to get on with a teacher? You haven't even managed to get together with any of the twenty girls you've confessed to since you came here. It will never happen with that big block head of yours."
The vein on the side of Nate's head was now bulging and his eyebrows were twitching. He slowly turned his head, inch by inch, while holding in his anger.
"Hey, Sam, when was the last time that you and I had a sparring match? It's been a while, hasn't it? And I'm not talking about the game. I think it's better for both of us if we do it in person - It's going to be much more realistic, and you can feel every. bit. of. pain." Nate replied, making sure to say the last words carefully to hammer them in Sam's head.
All of a sudden, the sound of the classroom door sliding was heard. In an instant, as the presence entered the room, the room had a pin drop silence enabling them to truly appreciate what was coming into the room.
Her skin was as white as the pure specks of snow. Although her features looked soft, no expression was plastered on her countenance. Still, the thing that stood out the most about her was her silver hair. She was wearing the black standard military uniform that they all had to wear. Sporting hair, coloured with the brilliance of silver jewellery and tied up with a single ponytail, with a length that managed to reach down to her waist, the professor sauntered to the centre of the room.
"Hello, students, My name is Silver and I will be your new homeroom teacher from now on." As she spoke, the expression on her face remained stiff and didn't seem to change one bit. Yet, the boys seemed to only find this feature of her even more attractive.
"An angel!" Nate said. "A true angel has descended among us mortals!"
"Oh no!" Sam said while shaking his head. "What the hell happened to the boys these days?"
Silver started to scan the entirety of the gathering, looking at the students one by one, but it merely reminded her that she might have to stay in the school for a while.
'As the files said, it appears that Fex isn't here.'
Silver had been tasked with the mission of finding and bringing Fex back to his family. However, with their family connections, the most they could do was get her a position as a teacher on one of the military bases.
All she could do was rely on luck to see if she would be put at the same military base as Fex. Although, to her dismay, it appeared like she wasn't as lucky. While Fex was in military base two, she had been transferred to work at military base six.
Without saying anything, she started to walk around the room and gaze at the faces of the students more closely. As she talked to one of the students, even the females had to recognise her ephemeral beauty and started to blush. She continued to stroll around, finally, she stopped in front of Nate and scrutinized his visage.
'Looks like this is going to be my day?' Nate cheeringly told himself.
She looked at him closer and said, "Why are you so interested in such ugly things?" Although Sliver had no idea, she had said these words out loud.
The whole room wanted to laugh, yet they did their best to hold it in out of respect for Nate. He wasn't like the other high-level users. He treated everyone in his classroom fairly even though he was known as the strongest.
As Silver walked off and headed back to the front of the class, she had one thought in her mind.
"Fex I will complete my mission and bring you back, even if I have to hurt you, dear brother."
****

EP-193 My Sandwich
"Okay, just got to make sure I have everything?" Layla said as she slowly breathed in and out.
In her hand, she held a white envelope. While holding it, a pair of used disposable gloves. She had repeated these steps multiple times in her head and had done everything so the note couldn't be traced back to her.
She felt around the envelope making sure the nano stick was inside. "Am I sure that I want to do this?" Layla said speaking to herself, "Everything that I'm going to do is against the protocol, and if I get caught, I don't even think my mother can pull me out of this one."
Right now, she stood outside the third floor of the boy's dormitory area, also known as the VIP area for the male students. As she took a step forward she quickly turned and started walking back, and then after two steps — she stopped again.
"I have to... if it wasn't for them… Quinn and everyone would have died back there, and if I don't, who knows what will happen to Quinn." She shook her head violently and then once again headed back to the VIP area.
Once she had entered she made sure to check the halls,  she also checked the other rooms and areas to see if anyone was out and about. Although it was early morning and most students wouldn't be up by now, she still needed to make sure.
After placing the white envelope on the floor just outside one of the doors. She stepped back towards the exit of the hallway right by the staircase. "No turning back now."
Using her ability, she pushed the envelope underneath the door and it was now on the other side. After that, she quickly ran down the stairs heading back to her room.
****
So far, for everyone, it had been a normal day. They ate their morning food as usual and then went to their morning homeroom classes. It was now lunchtime, which was usually just before combat classes, and at that moment while Vorden, Quinn, and Peter were outside, Quinn had received a ping on his watch.
*Ding
"A voice message?" Quinn said.
"First, if you are listening to this message, make sure that no one not worthy of your trust is around you, I'll give you a few seconds to decide and do something about it before I will continue," Logan said.
Quinn looked around and the boys were outside on a bench, Vorden and Peter then huddled around Quinn to hear the message better and also made sure no one came close and if someone did, then they would quickly stop the message.
"Good," The message said as it continued to play. "I received some interesting information and it concerns Peter and your little problem. I suggest you gather everyone that knows about what Peter is and bring them to my room. because we are going to need everyone's help on this to get out of this mess. Oh, and if you could bring me a sandwich from one of the vending machines that would be good. You don't have to do this, of course, but it will do good for my brainpower and help me think better."
Although the tone of the message didn't sound very urgent, Quinn knew that if Logan was initiating contact with him and was asking to bring everyone into his room, it was a big deal.
Logan didn't like people coming into his room in the first place.
Logan was afraid that people may steal his ideas for his new future inventions, or even destroy whatever he was working on. So, Quinn knew that this was a big deal.
"You heard him guys, You inform the girls and bring them to Logan's room," Quinn said looking at Vorden. "Peter it might be best if you go with him."
"What are you going to do, sir?" Peter asked.
"I need to get that sandwich," Quinn replied.
The group had split up and Vorden and Peter went to get the two girls.
However, Quinn didn't just do that so he could get a sandwich, he was going to look for Fex. With his nose, it wouldn't be difficult to find him, and he knew that if he informed Vorden about this he would be against it.
But if it was something to do with Peter, he was sure Fex would help out.
The girls along with Vorden and Peter were patiently waiting inside Logan's room. The boys were quite calm, while Erin was tapping her foot away and about. Lately, she had been using all her spare time to practice her sword skills, yet she still could never achieve the same results as she did on the roof that day.
Being here just seemed like a waste of her time.
While Layla who was standing next to her felt a horrible bubbly feeling in her stomach. Her heart was pounding so hard she thought it was going to jump out of her throat.
"Can't you just tell us what is this all about?" Erin said annoyed.
"This is a very serious matter," Logan replied sitting in his chair. He was currently playing with a trapezium style Rubix cube made from metal. The inside used little small triggers to twist and turn the shape in all sorts of different directions. This made it multiple times harder than a standard Rubix cube. Each time he shifted one of the pieces, a large mechanical sound would be made.
"And I would hate to repeat myself," Logan said as he continued to mess around.
The room was silent and the only thing that could be heard was the shifting sounds of Logan playing with the mechanical item. They waited and waited.
*Click
*Click
"Will you put that damn cube away!" Erin shouted, "Before I shove it up your…."
Just then the sound of the door was heard.
"Looks like they are here," Logan said as he put the cube on the floor.
Quinn entered first and right behind him was Fex. As soon as Erin saw this she immediately stepped back.
"Quinn, what the hell is he doing here?!" Vorden shouted.
"Wait, I was the one that asked him to come here," Quinn said. "If it's something to do with Peter or the vampires, then he's going to be a big help. Remember he helped us out last time and he has stayed true to his words every time."
"Look I can tell I'm not wanted here." Fex said." If you want me to leave, I'll leave."
"No, please stay," Logan said. "Quinn is correct, this matter is very serious and I do believe you will be a big help."
Since Logan was the one who had said it and invited them here, the others felt like they at least needed to hear Logan out before they decided if he needed to be involved or not.
"Alright, but before we begin I believe Quinn you have something for me?" Logan asked as he held out his hand, "My sandwich?"
"Oh!"
Quinn then threw the packaged sandwich over to Logan as a mechanical arm went into the air and grabbed it. Unwrapping it for him and feeding him. They all sat there and watched Logan eat the sandwich when he was finally done. He turned to his computer.
"Let us begin!"
*****

EP-194 The truth about Truedream
"When I woke up this morning I was surprised to see an envelope on the floor." Said Logan." I was afraid that it might be some type of a bomb or something. I had my mechanical spiders go ahead and pick it up, then inspect it. I scanned it for any traces of tampering and to see what was inside. To my surprise, there was a small little nano stick inside with a note."
The screen had changed and right now, a scanned version of the note was being displayed to the others.
"In this nano stick, is some information on one of the big Four family members, more specifically its leader known as Truedream. Our group has managed to gather extensive research into him and here we can see all his wrongdoings in the past. The reason why I have passed this note on to you is that unfortunately for all of you… Truedream will be arriving in a few days.
"Out of everyone, I thought perhaps with your abilities you might be able to do something to stop this madness, we do not wish any innocent to get hurt."
At the end of the letter attached to the bottom was a stamp, and everyone in the room recognized it well. They had seen it many times on the television, and some of them had even written school reports about the group. It was the group known as Pure.
"So, what if Truedream is coming to the school?" Erin replied. "He does a routine visit to most of the military bases anyway. I fail to see why this is our problem, and why we should even trust the words coming from a military group?"
"I don't know," Layla said. "Maybe they know something that we don't, and I'm guessing it has something to do with that stick."
"Although I would like to say congratulations." Said Logan. "I believe anyone would have been able to come to that conclusion."
The files changed once again and this time they contained reports of the previous visits that Truedream had done. It contained detailed reports of each visit to the military base but not only that... It also informed them of Truedream's true purpose for coming to the base.
The fact that every time he visited, few students would be chosen, and soon after their abilities were gone. It also showed that there was a pattern to these things and how he seemed to visit the second military base more often than the others.
The expression on everyone's faces was sour as they read the reports. "I can't say that it doesn't surprise me," Quinn replied. "It's expected of this crappy system."
"I agree it's bad," Erin said. "But still I don't see how this involves us. We're just students and they want us to stop this. He's from one of the big four families.
That was when Vorden noticed something. "Wait did you say the visit was in a few days? Isn't that…."
"Looks like we have a winner," Logan said. "This is the reason why I called you all. I remember you telling me that for some reason Duke, had deliberately wanted Peter to reach a level four…"
"It seemed strange, but why were they suddenly showing favouritism to Peter? And what's with the rush?"
"Putting these two things together makes sense. Not only was Peter originally weak, but he also had no strong family background, sure his family would be upset if he was to lose his powers or disappear, but no further steps would be taken, and everyone would soon forget just like the students before." Logan explained.
"And if they find out that Peter has no abilities anymore, they will start asking questions all over again and it could lead them back to us," Vorden said. "Not just the vampire stuff, but when they find out we were close to Peter, they might start looking into the deaths and more."
The group had to take their time to take everything all in. Out of all of them, the first one to leave the room was Erin.
"I don't mean to be rude or anything but I'm not that involved with you guys," Erin said. "I'm not a vampire and I have no ties to what you did with the others. If I help out in this it will only make me a bigger target. If you guys are caught trying to do anything, it could come back to me. I can't let that happen."
As Erin left the room not a single person had gone out to chase her. She had a point. She wasn't involved in any of this and if she did help, it would only put her at risk.
"We have two days," Logan said. "This Sunday the students will be asked to gather in the assembly hall to welcome Truedream. Usually, the students are asked to stay back after the assembly. This is what is stated in the reports. They will then be taken somewhere, but where?
"Nobody knows…"
"All that we know is that these students who are taken away lost their abilities. The world is explained that they have been punished for doing something bad, so their ability was taken away, and some even disappear. So, what plans do we have?"
The group then continued to discuss what could happen and came up with different plans and scenarios in case different things happened. Finally, after a long talk, they had come up with a plan that seemed to have a good chance of working.
And it was like Logan had said, for this to work they would need everyone who was here to help.
This included Fex and surprisingly he had agreed without saying too much. If he was discovered by his family now, he would get into too much trouble.
But he knew that if the world discovered the existence of vampires and it was because of him, it didn't matter who his father was no one could save him.
With the plan set, everyone left the room.
For now, they would all act as normal for the next couple of days until Truedream arrived.
When everyone had finally left the room, Logan turned towards his computer once more and started to play a video file. Logan was a very cautious person and was paranoid everyone was out there to steal his work. The school didn't allow any cameras but that didn't mean he couldn't install any of his own.
In the VIP area, Logan had set tiny miniature cameras that were close to invisible to the human eye. He installed them, not only on his front door but outside as well.
After receiving the letter in the morning…
Naturally, the first thing he did, was to check and see who had delivered the letter. As the video played, it was clear as day, that Layla was the one who had delivered the letter.
"Layla, huh? It seems like this little group of yours Quinn, has their tiny little secrets. Although this one is not mine to tell."
*****

EP-195 An illegal?
"So who is this Truedream guy, is he a big deal?" Fex asked.
Everyone stopped for a moment and turned to look at Fex strangely. It was impossible for someone who lived on earth to have never heard of the big four family names. This fact had even shocked Quinn, and he started to think more and more, that perhaps vampires were no longer on earth.
"Whoa, what's with all the creepy stares, so I don't know one person, is he that big of a deal?" Fex asked.
"Well, to be honest, I think Vorden would probably know more about him," Quinn replied. "I only know the basics."
At this point, everyone was all ears to hear what Vorden had to say.
"Truedream is different from the other big families," Vorden said. "The families had their powers long before the world knew they even existed, slowly passing them down from generations. And to be honest, even within all the ability users, the three families always reigned on the top."
"The three?" Quinn said.
"Yeah, this is what I mean when I say the Trudream family are a little different. For one, most of his family consist of multiple different ability users. This is due to the nature of his ability. The second thing is Truedream had discovered the ability himself later in life, we believe he is the first to have this power.
"His ability is unique and we're not even sure if he can pass it on for others to learn or not. The military who are partners with him, like to keep it this way. Remember it's only because of him that so many of those in power chose to not disobey. Anyone who tries to fight back or rebel get their powers taken away. There are even rumours it was because of Truedream that the Pure faction had started in the first place.
"Once your ability gets taken away, there's no way for the body to learn another one and for some reason, it seems like Truedream's ability stops you from completely producing any more mutant cells for your old ability. As you know, someone without an ability can't get very far in the outside world at the moment."
It was true, currently, in the outside world, most of the things that couldn't be done with abilities were already automated with technology. Everyone then received a universal income, but it wasn't enough credits to live on earth, causing most of the humans to relocate to shelters on other planets, some of which were less protected than others.
Although, even after Fex had heard Vorden's explanation this Truedream person still didn't seem like a big deal to him. Even if Fex's ability did get taken away, there was nothing he could do about his vampire powers. Also, it seemed like Truedream himself was very weak, so he didn't understand the fear associated with his powers that the others had.
After the boys finished talking it was time for them to split up and head for their combat classes. Before doing so, Peter changed his number from an ability level of 2 to a 3. This way Bones could see he was progressing and report back to Duke.
As usual, during the combat class, the group was going through their kicks once again. It was expected since the theme for the lesson would carry on for a week. Only this time Leo demonstrated how to block using your legs and counter certain moves using the palm of your hands instead.
Fex and Quinn weren't really in the mood to practice all out, they were too busy thinking about the plan they had to initiate. So they were casually kicking and blocking each other's attacks at a normal speed.
They had a lot on their minds as the plan wasn't perfect. It couldn't be perfect, because they didn't know what Truedream was going to do, so the only thing they could try was improvising and plotting around a few things they did know what was going to happen.
In the middle of their practice, Fex asked Quinn a question. "Hey, that ghoul he evolved right? So I'm guessing you sorted everything out, do you know what he evolved into?"
"You mean you can't tell?" Quinn replied as he palmed away a kick.
"I can tell he smells different from before, but I don't think I've smelled his type, so what is he?"
"He's something called a wight." When Quinn spoke those words, Fex had suddenly stopped kicking.
"Seriously, what a rare evolution, he must be quite powerful then, maybe even stronger than me in terms of physical abilities."
"What makes you say that?" Quinn asked.
"Well, a wight's strength is mirrored by his creator's strength, and his creator has to be a leader,"  Fex explained. "Which makes me think why he even left the ghoul in the first place or why he hasn't come back to pick it up."
"Well it doesn't have to be a leader, right?" Quinn said nervously hoping to throw Fex off this dangerous trail. "Any Vampire can turn someone?"
Quinn had made sure to check this fact with the system beforehand, and it was true that most Vampires could turn someone. However, depending on their power it limited how many people they could turn. At most a regular Vampire could only turn one person.
"Are you serious? Did they teach you nothing here?" Fex said as he let out a sigh. "Although a vampire can indeed turn anyone it is against the laws. The only person who has permission to turn someone is the leader of one of the thirteen families. If anyone else was to turn someone that would be classified as illegal. The vampire and whoever created it would be taken back to be executed."
Quinn gulped at hearing this piece of information, is this what the system meant when they said they would now be coming after him? Was Quinn and Peter both considered illegal in the eyes of the Vampire families?
After all, Quinn was an unusual vampire as the system had stated. As he was busy thinking and taking it all in the system had interrupted.
"Don't worry you are not illegal." The system said. "However, I didn't want to tell you this so soon for you still are not strong enough and don't have the classifications of one. But ever since you turned Peter and created your family name. You too are now a vampire Leader. But as I stated before if you want to live, never reveal this information to anyone."
Although Fex didn't say anything else, he had kept a few things to himself. Wights were known to only follow one person, otherwise, their natural nature would take over and they would go on a rampage.
Many of them had to be destroyed once their masters had been slane, otherwise, they would attack everyone in sight.
The fact that Peter hadn't done that, meant whoever had turned him was still close by. Fex was no fool, judging by the frightened look on Quinn's face, he could only assume Peter was created by him and perhaps Quinn's leader wasn't aware of this certain event.
Fex didn't know how close he was to the truth, and how far he was at the same time.

EP-196 The thirteen families
The lesson was coming to its end, so Leo decided to round up everyone to give a few pointers. This was Quinn's chance to ask the system the questions he needed.
"Look, I don't understand anything," Quinn said. "I understand maybe you didn't want to tell me before. The less I know about it the better, hoping I wouldn't get too involved but right now, Fex is here, and if I make a mistake and slip up he will easily be able to tell."
"I'm sorry Quinn." The system replied. "I want to tell you but sometimes I can't. When the creator created me, he chose to make it so certain information was revealed only when necessary. There are things I wish to tell you but cannot."
"Then what can you tell me? Earlier Fex mentioned there being family leaders and then you mentioned that I was one as well, what does he mean by that?"
"The Vampires are controlled by a council. The council is split up into thirteen different leaders and a Vampire king or queen. These are also what are known as families. When you created Peter and made your family name, you automatically became a member of the council."
Quinn couldn't believe what he was hearing. Just a second ago he didn't even know a Vampire council existed and now apparently he held a high position of power.
"But then, why would they be after me then?" Quinn asked. "And wouldn't this mean I would be safe if they found out about Peter?"
"Quinn, the Vampire race like to seem like they are working together but they are just as cruel and power-hungry as humans. When the Vampire king or queen decides to go into eternal slumber, then a new king shall be selected from one of the thirteen leaders.
"While the current king or queen is still present they must do as they say, but once they disappear, it will turn into a cruel battleground. You are a leader in name only. A shortcut was created due to the system. A lowly Vampire like you is too weak. To become a vampire leader one at least must have the rank of a Vampire lord. Although this isn't the only reason why they will be after you, unfortunately, I can't say anymore."
The Vampire leaders were at the rank of a Vampire Lord, but Quinn had never met a leader before so he had no reference for their strength. The only other Vampire he had met was Fex.
"What about Fex, do you know what rank he is at?" Quinn asked.
"Fex is on the cusp. He is not quite at the next evolution stage which would be a Vampire noble, but he is stronger than most Vampires out there. The ranks are as follows, you have a Vampire, Vampire Noble, a Vampire knight, a Vampire Lord, and finally, the Vampire king or queen. There are also the subclasses such as Peter within these ranks, but they can never rise above their leaders or creators."
Quinn was hoping to hear that Fex was quite a high ranking Vampire, perhaps even one just below the Vampire lord. Instead, he just managed to get confirmation that there were a few more classes even above Fex.
It was as the system said, for whatever reason that the system wouldn't tell him if they were to learn he was a Vampire leader they would try to kill him, and with his strength right now he wouldn't even last a second.
"These families, why are there thirteen of them? Couldn't all the Vampires just unite under one banner?"
"The humans and vampires share more than they would like to think. Just like humans were selfish and decided to keep their abilities to themselves, it is the same for Vampires. Each Vampire has a basic set of skills, however, the thirteen different families are each divided into different abilities they have.
"This does not mean, they are all related by blood however, before learning an ability a Vampire must go through a blood ritual with that family, meaning they can never go against them. Only then will they teach that Vampire their ability. An example of this is the Sanguinis family that Fex is a part of, who can control string. Still, this does not mean a Vampire cannot learn an ability outside of the thirteen, but if they chose to do this, they will never be promoted within the ranks of the family they have chosen to follow."
This information disappointed Quinn a little. He was hoping at some point he would be able to find an ability for Peter to use, but it seemed like each family kept a lock on their abilities, not allowing outsiders to learn them. And what were the chances Quinn would be able to stumble upon another book that Vampires were able to learn? Thinking about this caused another question to pop into his head.
"Wait!" Quinn said. "Does that mean my ability belongs to one of the thirteen? Is that why they're trying to kill me?"
"You're shadow ability is not part of the thirteen families." The system replied.
This was the first bit of good news Quinn thought. If his ability wasn't part of the thirteen families even if he used it, the Vampires wouldn't know he was a Vampire and they could think he was just another ability user.
"But, I warn you to not use your ability in front of others, the only thing I can say for now is your ability carries history for the Vampires that they wish to forget, they would only target you more."
"Doesn't that mean Fex is targeting me then?" said Quinn.
"I believe he may be too young to know about what happened in the past, they most likely do not teach the young ones about this either. This is all you need to know about this matter. Only when you are strong enough Quinn, I promise I can tell you then."
This whole Vampire business seemed like it was more trouble than it was worth at the moment. Just when Quinn thought he could finally stop hiding his strength it seemed like he needed to hide it even more.
Though right now he would have to deal with one problem at a time and the immediate problem in front of him was Peter and Duke.
*****
Over at the elemental training hall. They too were doing the same lessons as usual and as lessons were about to finish, they had free time to do what they wanted and once again Bones had come over with his two men and confronted Peter.
"Peter!" Bones shouted. "Well, will you look at that! You finally managed to reach level three. It looks like you're going to make it to level four in time after all. What do you say to one more sparring match before tomorrow huh?"
Bones was frustrated after taking a beating from Vorden last time, and he himself was a level, four user. While Peter was still a level three, and a new one at that. Bones was confident he could still beat him. Even if he had the potential to be as strong as him with his earth powers, he couldn't have learnt that many skills with the ability in such a short amount of time.
Peter turned around and took one look at Bones. "You're too weak for me, P*ss off before I kill you."
****

EP-197 Trouble maker!
"Those guys, I guess they didn't learn from last time, maybe I've gotten softer hanging around with Quinn all the time." Vorden thought.
But as he was thinking that, he heard Peter's voice.
"You're too weak for me, P*ss off before I kill you," Peter said, and this time there wasn't a hint of fear in his voice.
'Damn it, this is not good,' Vorden worried. 'Before I had to babysit a weak cry baby Peter, now I have to babysit this. I'm not sure which one I prefer.'
Vorden couldn't reveal he was involved with Peter so he couldn't step in and waiting was all he could do, for now, he watched carefully preparing himself for the worse. Standing in a fighting stance just to the side of the group.
"What the heck?" Bones said. "Oh I get it now, you think cause you got a little bit of power and now a level three you're a big shot, huh well think aga…" Before Bones could even finish what he was saying.
Peter's hands had gripped and wrapped around Bones' mouth his fingers placed at the side of his jaw. "Did I not tell you to go away!"
Bones immediately retaliated by lifting his hands trying to create a pillar of earth from below Peter's feet. As soon as Peter had felt the slightest bit of vibration from below, he knew what was coming.
But he didn't move, he waited for the pillar to rise while continuing to hold on to Bones. Then at the last second, as the pillar rose from below, Peter stepped back and pulled bones into his Pillar allowing it to hit him right in the chin.
"Bones!" One of his friends shouted as they came running forward, then suddenly out of nowhere a large wall of earth had come between the two groups, and at the same time bones had been blocked off from Peter's view.
Now standing by Peter's side was Vorden. "Ignore them, we have to get out of here! Now Just Run!"
But Peter remained still as if he wanted to continue fighting against them.
"Look, just ignore them, their trash right, they're not worth our time," Vorden argued.
"Huh! You're right about that." Peter said as he took off with Vorden out of the training centre.
As Vorden and Peter were outside, Vorden decided it was best if they headed back to the dorm room for now and stayed there. While heading back he started to think about the confrontation, it had shown Vorden how much Peter had changed.
Seeing how he acted against Bones, he couldn't imagine what Peter might do if he was to be put in a room with Truedream or Duke.
****
Inside the dorm room, Vorden and Peter hadn't said much. They no longer were as close as before when Vorden used to mentor Peter.  When Vorden looked at Peter now he no longer would see the same Peter, he just got this weird feeling and he found it strange that Peter would often just remain still in one place for long periods. Coming from Vorden that said a lot about how much Peter had changed.
Finally, Quinn had returned from his class and the first thing Vorden did was ask if the two of them could speak alone in private.
"Sorry about this Peter, Do you mind?" Quinn asked.
"If that is what you wish sir," Peter said as he went back to sit down in his seat.
The two of them decided to take a walk down the hallway until they had reached a window. Making sure there wasn't anyone who could be listening in to their conversation, they looked outside allowing the breeze to touch their face as they talked.
Vorden had explained what had happened today in the training hall and he also told him his worries about Sunday when he was to meet Truedream.
"I feel like you want to suggest something to me?" Quinn said.
"I know I have mentioned it before." Said Vorden. "But last time I said it half-heartedly, but this time Quinn I'm serious. I think we should cut our ties with Peter."
Although Vorden had sugarcoated his words Quinn knew what he was getting at, they should kill Peter. Honestly, with everything going on, Quinn couldn't say he hadn't had the same thoughts.
Lately, the thought was entering his head more often, this Peter wasn't the same one he knew, it was clear the old Peter was already gone.
"Trying to go through with this plan, I think, is riskier than getting rid of Peter," Vorden said. "I think we can do Peter justice when we leave school in two years, we'll look after his family. We can make our faction and the money we earn from being Travellers we will send them a portion each month."
Vorden was making a good case, but Quinn wondered how Peter's family would feel after finding out their son had died or disappeared. Would they care if they had money or not? Even if Peter wasn't the same as before he was still him right? There had to be still a little of him inside there somewhere.
"I for one don't think this is a good idea." The system said. "First, you will be unable to kill Peter even if you decide to go through with this. You would have to stand by as you watched someone you know kill Peter and, although he is loyal to you, he would not just stand there without putting up a fight.
"The second thing goes to the matter we spoke of before, you were lucky Peter turned into a wight. It is quite a powerful alley to have. Right now you need to gather and keep all the power you can get. It's not a question of ‘IF’ the vampires will come, Quinn, It's ‘WHEN’."
Suddenly, as these thoughts filled Quinn's mind, a strange feeling came over him once again. It was the family connection from the blood ritual. "I can't do it Vorden," Quinn said. "He's family now and so are you and the others."
Quinn didn't know this but as he turned and said these words to Vorden, his eyes were lit up bright Red. Vorden assumed that perhaps this matter went far beyond just the conversation they had now and had something to do with Quinn himself.
"Alright Quinn, we'll stick with the plan."
****
The next day it was the weekend so the group had no classes for the day. However, they were unable to spend their time as freely as the other students did. Instead, they met in Logan's room once more.
Each of them went over the details of their plan, while Logan also handed each a strange round circular pin to be put on their clothes. It looked similar to a button and blended well into their uniform. There was also a separate circular small speaker that was to be placed in the ear.
These two items were a set that was to be used to communicate with each other. The only person who didn't receive one was Peter, as they knew he would be taken away. However, a microphone was once again installed into his watch so they could hear everything that was happening.
After a good night's rest, it was finally Sunday, the day Truedream would finally arrive at the school.
****

EP-198 Jack Truedream arrives
It was now Sunday morning and the eight sergeants had all gathered inside the portal hall. Four of the second year sergeants stood on one side and four of the first year sergeants stood on the opposite side, forming two lines in front of the portal.
Each of them had straightened postures and were unmoveable, assuming their best attitude before the single portal. The said portal had been pulled out and placed in the centre of the room. Although the colour of this portal was neither green, orange, nor red, it was hued in the purity of white, making it look like a blank canvas.
Just like the travelling stations, the white colour indicated that the destination of the portal was Earth.
The doors to the training hall soon opened and every one of the sergeants immediately gave a salute to the four men who had entered the room.
Duke - The head of the second-year students, Nathan - The head of the first-year students, and Mike stood in the centre. Out of all the generals there, Mike was the oldest and was well respected. Even though he didn't hold the highest rank, he was still in charge of the communications that would transpire between military bases.
Then, finally, standing behind the three of them was a man in a black and white tailored suit. The others had never seen him wear anything else other than that. It was the Head General, Paul.
"Duke, I hope you already have everything prepared, yes?" Paul asked.
"Yes, everything is proceeding well and we should reach the quota as usual. All the students will gather in the assembly hall this afternoon. We shall advance with everything else right after." Duke replied.
"Good." Said Paul, looking at another comrade next. "Mike, how are the preparations for the upcoming event going?"
"Not to worry, we still have a leeway of a month before the event. Students will be able to choose which events they want to participate in soon. I'm sure that we'll come out on top this year - I know we will." Mike said as he laughed loudly.
"Nathan, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you." Said, Paul. "The upcoming portal outing for the first-year students will not be a green portal like how we originally planned it, but it will be an orange portal instead."
Hearing this, Nathans's eyes widened. "Sir, this is crazy! They're only first-year students. Why do we need to push them so fast?"
"There are reports that the Dalki are becoming more aggressive with their exploration. We must compete with them. This order has been made by all of us, so we must push more and at the same time, we can not willingly lose our regular men. Earth is the number one priority and we must protect it at all cost."
"So they chose to sacrifice the children instead!" Nathan complained back, utterly distraught by the news.
"War will soon be waged and the Dalki do not discriminate, whether they are children or not. Age will not matter to them when that time comes. They should get the experience now. I will permit you to send a couple of sergeants with them for their safeguarding rather than the regular teachers, but that's it. This is an order and it's final. I don't want to welcome any opposition."
Usually, green portals would be used for the first years. They were the safest, containing basic and intermediate beasts. Once the student reached the second year stage, they would then, only once, go out on an orange portal expedition.
Orange portals posed a heightened risk. There were shelters on the planet, but the whole planet had yet to be explored. The moment military arrived on that planet, the goal would be to expand and explore the areas of the planet that had yet to be explored.
If they were lucky enough to finish their exploration, it would get the go-ahead and the portal colour would change to green. If they discovered high-level beasts, then the portal would retain its orange colour.
Nathan felt like the first years were way too inexperienced to do such a task. The main difference when travelling to an orange portal planet was that they would travel as a single unit instead, in teams. Furthermore, the school had yet to enlighten the students about the importance of working together.
The generals now stood a few feet away from the circular teleporter. Paul lifted his wrist to look at his watch, checking the time - It was currently 8:59.
9:00
As soon as the watch displayed 9:00, the portal started to warp slightly, and three figures could be seen coming through. Standing in the centre was a bald man who wore sunglasses and he had also donned a suit.
"Jack!" Greeted Paul. "It's been a while." He said as he went to the others and hugged them.
"That's him?" Fay whispered to Hayley who was standing next to her. "I can't believe that two of the strongest people on our planet look like shady businessmen."
Although Jack Truedream didn't look impressive by himself, the two men who came out of the portal beside him did. One of them was a large fellow whose height was nearly seven feet. He was completely covered in a grey coloured beast equipment, which looked similar to a rhino, while he carried a large two-handed axe on his back.
By his side was an individual who was the complete opposite, a small skinny fellow. This person was wearing beast equipment that was dark green in hue and had a mask covering his face. Although, instead of heavy armour like the other person, he wore light armour.
However, just from gazing at both of their equipment, Fay could tell that they were high-level beast gear, way beyond that of the advanced tier. Jack truly had brought his strongest guards along.
It reminded Fay that even though they were allies. Still, at the same time, they weren't. The fact that Jack felt the need to bring these two was to remind them of the power that his family had.
Right now, there was an odd balance between the ability users in the world that caused small-scaled skirmishes to happen. The military's strongest force was the 8 head generals that were in charge of each of the military bases. The leader of this group was the head general in military base one.
In addition to them was the big four from the four families. They were the current decision-makers in the affairs concerning the world, and whenever there was a serious matter to be decided, they would call a meeting between themselves. Once in a while though, the families or the military would have to show their strength just to make sure that the others wouldn't get the idea of rebelling.
"How about some breakfast together? My chiefs have prepared a great meal." Paul asked.
"No thanks, I already had my breakfast on the way here," Jack replied. "I was hoping to speak to your sergeants who discovered one of our family members. I believe that when his body was discovered, it was found along with two other students, is that correct? I wish to investigate this matter before I do anything else. If you don't mind, that is."
"Oh, honestly I'm not sure of the details myself," Paul replied. "I surmised that Hayley was the one who wrote the report and sent it off to you. Hayley!" Paul called her and she immediately rushed over, giving a salute to both Paul and Jack.
"Please, if you can, help Jack in any way possible."
"Of course, sir!" Hayley replied.
This was the real reason why Jack had decided to visit the military base. His original plan was to visit the particular place later. However, when he learnt that one of his men died in the same way as one of his previous guys, he felt the need to investigate. Perhaps, whatever had killed Ian was the same thing that killed one of his top men. He was hoping that he could find answers from the two students who were found with the body at the time.
****

EP-199 The one rule
"Is this the report you wanted?" Hayley asked as she brought up the file.
Jack gave it a quick read over and it was the same report that he had received from her before. "When you recovered his body, other than the two boys that were with him in the place, was there anyone else or anything inside?"  Jack asked.
"Nothing that I can remember. Although now that you mention it, it did seem a little strange?" Hayley said.
"What do you mean?"
"Well even though everything was supposedly destroyed, the whole training centre was left untouched due to it being made of lithium. It looks like not a single beast had managed to get inside the place. Yet, when we entered. It seemed like the whole place had been trashed as if a huge brawl had taken place."
"Do you remember any other details?" Jack asked.
Hayley then went into detail describing what the scene looked like, how there were several mangled doors and how crumbled chairs from the arena were all over the place. She then also went into detail about Truedream's body when they recovered it. The bottom half was still intact while the top half had the same two bite marks on it. She also did a quick on the spot evaluation and found that the body seemed to have died not too long ago.
"It sounds like Ian must have had fought something while he was in there." Jack said." Ian's ability was magnetism, judging by the scene you were describing, whatever he was fighting with at the time managed to kill him. Do you have the names of the two boys, if they were there then they must have at least seen something?"
Although Hayley felt the same way, the boys had already been interrogated several times over the event. Right now, Hayley felt like the most possible thing was a beast. Something might have attached itself to one of the students and got on to their scent. It followed behind them, killing people in the process and causing small puncture wounds on their necks. This was the only logical conclusion she could come to.
Still, she didn't want to inform Jack of all the previous investigations they had already done. He was in a way higher position than her. She had also heard rumours of his bad side.
At first, Jack was a pleasant person, he thanked the military for helping and taking him in, promising to always help them out. But as he got better abilities and more people on his side, the demands he started making were ridiculous. Nowadays if he didn't get his way, there was no telling what would happen.
The two students' files were brought up, the first one was Quinn. Jack quickly scanned it over, but as soon as he saw he was only a level one ability user, he quickly disregarded it, the next person was Vorden who interested him.
On his file, it stated his initial testing was a level 5 but next to it in brackets, they said it was (subject to changes) and it was also stated that he was an original. The school already knew Vorden's power due to the information passed on to the previous school but just for filing's sake, they took down his initial score.
As Jack was reading through the file, that's when he spotted the name. "Vorden Blade." After reading this name out loud a memory had popped into his head.
Several years ago Jack had had his power for a few years now and his family members were starting to grow, he had been called in for a meeting. This meeting was between the big three powers. The strongest originals. He was invited to a private island where a large mansion sat on the highest point.
He remembered each of their presence that day as they sat at a round table opposite each other. The pressure coming from each of them was immense. After all, they were the strongest people in the world. They didn't rule it by political gains or winning the people's hearts like in the past.
Instead, they ruled it through their power with an iron fist, and just by looking at them, he could see that. There was no military there, no government, there was just the three leaders of the family and himself. They didn't need any guards. What was the point when they were stronger than any guards they could hire?
The meeting had come as a surprise because the reason he was called, was because they wanted him to have a seat at the leader's table.
The leader's table consisted of the eight head generals and currently the heads of the three big families.
They had acknowledged the strength Jack and his family had at that time. And on that day it went from the big three to the big four. However one thing had stuck in his mind, there was one rule they stated before he left… "To never touch the Blade family."
At first, Jack thought it was a joke as he started to laugh, he had heard of every single one of them out there. He even knew several other big-name original families out there in the real world, but he had yet to have heard of this Blade family before.
But soon after he realised that each of them was deadly serious, the pressure they were emitting just seconds ago seemed to completely vanish at the mention of this family name.
"Can you tell me why?" Jack asked.
"If you ever meet one of them, you have two choices." One of the men said. "Stay away, or help them, but if you go against them, not even we can help you."
At the time he was truly frightened.
Looking at the report once again, he looked at the name carefully. 'Could this be related to the same family they were talking about?' Jack thought. 'Would they care if I got rid of one kid, or maybe they were behind the deaths of my men in the first place?'
He started to think about what to do and decided to go confront Vorden. However, every time he felt like he was about to do this, images popped back up in his head of the strong men on the table that day. Just what had gotten them so worked up?
"Perhaps, it's best if I just leave it alone for now," Jack said. "I could always get some more men."
A few hours had passed and lunch break had just passed. Although it was a Sunday all the students had been told to gather in the assembly hall for a special occasion. While the others were wondering what it was excitedly and chattering away.
Quinn and his group had stomach aches and their blood was pumping widely around their body. They knew exactly why they had all been called. A part of them didn't want the letter to be true, but they could no longer escape reality.
Standing inside the assembly hall were all the first-year students and the second-year students. In the assembly hall, a total of 1000 students stood around. All of them stood nice and straight staring in the direction of the stage.
Right now, standing up on the stage was Duke, and behind him were the two men who had arrived with Jack.
"Alright is everyone ready?" Logan asked. Right now Logan had a small earpiece that acted as a microphone. While the others apart from Peter had the same.
It was time for them to put their plan into action.
"Ready." They all replied.
****

EP-200 The selected eight
Then the two-section on each side would be further split up, they were grouped by each homeroom class which contained about fifty students. Quinn and Vorden were standing relatively close to each other while Peter was standing a row in front of them so they could keep an eye on him. While the girls stood directly at the front of the class.
Their section was stationed closest to the stage, while right at the back towards the exit was Logan. To his surprise, it seemed like Fex was in the same homeroom class as him. Logan didn't turn up to homeroom class much, and if it was anyone else they would have been punished for this. But because Logan was a VIP student from a rich family he obtained special privileges.
Duke was currently standing on stage giving the students a speech, telling them about all the achievements that the base had made so far, and what the upcoming schedule for the first year and second-year students would look like for the rest of the year.
While listening to this, Vorden was preparing himself, or more specifically he was preparing someone else.
"Raten you remember the plan right?" Vorden asked. "As soon as you finish with what needs to be done, then you get out of there. I don't care if someone looks interesting to fight, or if someone looked at you the wrong way, we need to disappear immediately after you are done."
"Will you shut up?!" Raten snapped back. "For the last two days, you've said the same thing over and over to me. I know that if I don't do what you said, I won't hear the end of it."
Vorden, hated the fact that the plan required him to use Raten, if he could he would have used himself but the task that was given to him relied on him having two abilities and Vorden could only control one, but of course, using Sil was out of the question, so that left him with Raten.
The two abilities he needed were already stored for the day, right now they just needed for the assembly to be over.
Quinn, on the other hand, was worried for Peter. The system recommended giving Peter some of his blood which he did, and he gave the order not to attack Duke or Jack. With the extra blood it made Peter more loyal to the point he would obey every order, loyalty to one's master was also distance-based, the further away, the less influence the master's orders had, but with fresh blood from Quinn in his system he would have no option but to obey the commands he was given. Eventually, the power would fade away but for a short period like this one, it would be enough.
The only way that Peter could disobey this order, is if his life was put on the line, then self-preservation would override Quinn's orders.
"Other than an update about the schedule for you all, we also have a special guest here today. He visited us last year, and he is here to visit us again."
Duke pointed at one of the men who sat at the leader's table and was the leader of one of the big four. "Please clap for Mr Truedream!" Duke said as he walked off the stage.
Mr Truedream then got up from his seat and came up from the side of the stage, as he stepped forward so did the two guards next to him. The students stared at them in awe. They had never seen such impressive beast gear in their life, and couldn't imagine just how much it would cost them to own one.
Knowing that they were from the Truedream family, they would also have some impressive abilities. However, as most of the students looked at Mr Truedream, they were quite disappointed. He wasn't wearing any beast gear, and he didn't give off the same presence as other leaders they had seen.
However, there were a few in the room who felt differently, they could feel confidence exuding from his body, and one of these students was Fex. As he was looking at him he was starting to sweat, the site of Mr Truedream reminded him of the thirteen vampire leaders. This was the presence of someone who was on top of the world.
"Many of you should know who I am but just in case, my name is Jack Truedream, leader of the Truedream family and also the owner of Dreamland City. I have a close relationship with the military and I visit every base each year. But I have to say out of all the military bases, this is my favourite one. I also seem to get the most and the best gifts delivered directly to my footstep here." Jack said with a smile.
"Did you hear that? He said were the best military base out there," A student whispered.
"Are you an idiot, he probably says that to all of the military basis he goes to," Another student responded.
"True, but still if we could get into his faction, we would be set for life. I hear he even provides free housing for all those in his city. As long as you join their team of course," The first student replied.
While the other students were excited to see Truedream, Quinn's group could see the other hidden message behind his words. Most likely those gifts he was talking about, were the students given to him right after this assembly. He was declaring it in the open, while no one knew what was happening.
While the speech continued, from the bottom of Logan's sleeve one of the small mechanical spiders crawled down his shirt and hopped off his shoe. It was the same size as a regular small spider and made next to no noise as it moved about.
It continued to crawl across the floor until it had eventually reached the stage.
"Alright guys, it's all set," Logan whispered.
Jack then spoke his final words.
"In a month, I will be coming to watch all of you at the inter-military base event. Perform well and those that impress me will be given an extended invitation."
With that, the speech was over, and Jack walked off stage with his two guards behind him. Heading off to a location out of sight from all the students where the mechanical spider quickly followed along.
As Jack left the stage Duke returned, he had one last thing to say to everyone, "You heard the man, work hard so you can achieve a great future for yourselves. I expect our school to come out on top at the inter-military base event. Before I dismiss you all to enjoy the rest of your day off I would like these eight students to stay behind.
"Ray Dem, Howard Hubby, Wilfred Green, Sarah Beeswax, Michael Brisko, Amy Yellop, Peter Chuck."
After hearing Peter's name, everyone's stomach sunk a little, this was it, they needed to get into action right after he called out the final name.
"And finally Erin Heyley, these students please stay behind, and come to the front of the stage. The rest may leave."
****

EP-201 To become the strongest
Jack informed the students about his plans to be at the Inter military base event. They were now eager to impress him, and wanted to start practicing right away. It would be a shortcut to the top if Jack extended them an invitation to join his family. 
Usually, unless one was extremely talented they would have to build a reputation for themselves from their factions and work their way up. Nearly everyone who wished to become a traveler had a goal of joining the big four.
Even if you created your faction, it was beneficial to work under one of the big four, for protection from the others.
However, not all the students had smiling faces as they left the hall, some didn't feel the same way.
"Hey, would you move," A student said as he accidentally bumped into Quinn on his way out.
"What was wrong with that guy?" Another student said.
Quinn hadn't moved but he wasn't the only one who had remained motionless. After hearing the final name that had been called, the whole group was shocked at what they had heard. The final name was Erin.
As Logan waited outside he realised the others hadn't come out with him, so he took a bite of his sandwich, before he said, "Guys, come on, we need to start our plan straight away. I know this is a shock, but that shouldn’t deviate us from the original plan, instead of saving one, now we just need to save two."
With Logan's words, the group quickly snapped out of it and made their way out of the assembly hall with everyone else. Worrying about it or thinking about why Erin was chosen wasn't going to do them any good. The more time wasted, the less likely the plan would work.
The students, whose names were announced, went to the front of the stage, wondering what was about to happen. Peter was also upfront, but his expression hadn't changed much. He was informed of what was going to happen and wasn't worried about it, he trusted his master, Quinn.
He would just follow his master’s instructions and trust his judgement to make everything right. Erin, on the other hand, was panicking, her head was spinning. 'They picked me but why? Aren't I one of the top students? They would never pick a student as good as me right?' She thought to herself.
But the realization had hit her, and her mask was starting to crumble away. The thoughts and memories she had kept within were starting to surface.
A few days ago, inside the second year's head office, Duke had been given a bunch of files that matched the criteria they were looking for. That's when he stumbled upon Erin's file.
"Now this is interesting." He said. Erin was a level five student, and she also had quite an expensive ability too. She wasn't an original but the ice element ability was expensive to get a hold of, especially at level five so Duke wondered why she had been selected.
After reading the file everything made sense. Her family worked under one of the big four, and they had established a shelter on one of the orange portal planets. Because of the risk involved, the family had paid them well and had gained quite the status.
A few years had gone by and it looked like the exploration of the planet was nearly over. It was the main task that had been given to her family. They had done a good job getting rid of the few advanced tier beast that lived on the place.
Erin was eventually sent back to earth to finish her normal school education. She went to a good private school as her parents could afford it, and even bought her a strong ability, it was an opportunity that they never had.
The exploration of the planet had been completed, and Erin had gone back over the summer to celebrate with her parents. At last, they had moved up high enough in the family's ranks to obtain a place back on earth.
But on that fateful day a Dalki ship had invaded the planet, the Dalki came and attacked. Seeing her family and friends raise their weapons to fight, she wanted to help too. But before she could even join in the fight her father had stopped her.
"No Erin, you are not strong enough yet, now get out of here!" He screamed.
"But I can help!" Erin cried. "Just let me help you!"
"Look, I didn't want to say this, but you're weak. You will only get in our way!"
And at that moment, she witnessed her father being stabbed in the chest. As she stood there frozen, one of her father’s old friends managed to rescue her. Her family did their best to protect all the civilians on the planet and even other factions that they once squabble over territory had come to help, but it wasn't enough, and all they could do was wait for help to arrive. At this point, nearly everybody that could fight had died. All of this havoc had been created by only two Dalki. However, the defenders had managed to kill one of them, but the other remained alive.
The remaining Dalki had set its eyes on the emergency shelter, but just as it was about to attack, help arrived. A female dressed in pure sparkling white came through the portal, Erin saw her pass by. She fought against the Dalki on her own and was able to go toe to toe with it. The swordsmanship that had been displayed was light and silent. It was as if her feet never even touched the floor.
She would continuously parry the Dalki's attacks while dishing out attacks of her own in between until eventually, she defeated it, and the Dalki had died.
Erin cried a lot that day, her tears wouldn't stop coming, she cried for all the people that had been lost. The woman who had defeated the Dalki walked up to Erin, but unlike what the others thought should be said to a child, she didn't give any words of comfort to Erin, but only gave her the harsh truth.
"If you never want to see your family or friends die again, then you have to become stronger. You have to be the best, so nobody can take anything away from you. Because your tears won't bring your family and friends back."
And that was the last time Erin had seen her family or the strange female warrior.
She had been selected because she no longer had the status her family once had. With everyone gone she had been sent a token gesture of money from one of the big four, just enough for her to live off of for the rest of her life, but the political protection their family had was now gone.
But what was the use? Money couldn't bring back the dead. The only thing that remained in her mind from that day were the words spoken to her by that strange woman. She would become the best!
Erin had chosen to live by those words that day and whenever she felt tired or wanted to give up, that same memory would come back to her. She needed proof that what she was doing was working.
She thought she had gotten better but the day they had met the Dalki once again, she had frozen in place and the only thing she could do was run.
Right now though, she was being led together with the others to a certain room, everything she had worked for up to this point, was all going to be taken away.
Following closely behind the row of students, was the mechanical spider Logan had sent after them. Right now Logan had returned to his room and he was monitoring the direction of the spider. He could see where they were heading and would be able to inform the others of what needed to be done.
He was also looking at a 3D map of the whole school. On it, there were several different indicators, each one being a different person from their group. The spider and Peter were different colours for clarity's sake.
"Okay, Fex. It looks like they're heading for one of the meeting rooms located on the second floor on the west side. Layla, you stay close behind him. Once you turn and reach the end of the corridor, stay and wait in position. The two guards were stuck to Jack like glue.
"When Quinn and Vorden are ready, I will give the command and you guys will move out. Understood everyone?"
"Understood." They replied.
Jack entered the meeting room followed by the eight students. One of his guards had also entered the room with them while the other stayed outside, guarding the door.
Quinn and Vorden were at one side of the corridor, while Fex and Layla were at the other side patiently waiting for Logan's order.
'Alright Raten," Vorden said. 'Looks like you're up.'
****

EP-202 Falling asleep
As she looked to her left, she could see Peter standing calmly beside her. Of course, he didn't have to worry about anything since his powers wouldn't be taken away. However, it was different for her. She constantly moved her head trying to see if she can escape. Although none of them were planning to sit down, there was a chair behind each of the eight students. Perhaps, they would be asked to sit, the further they stayed inside the room.
It was a small meeting room, used for one-on-one consultations. Currently, the students were standing in the center while Jack was standing just in front of the desk with a single chair. Lingering by his side was the small guard dressed in green armor.
The main problem in the escape plan was the large group of guards stationed right outside the door. Erin knew that the others were planning to get Peter out of this situation. For the sole reason that they had to if they wanted to keep their matter with Quinn a secret. But now she wished she had stayed in the meeting room, so she would know what their plans were.
Maybe she could have helped.
"Now, you might be wondering why you have all been brought here, in front of me, today," Said Jack. "It seems like, either one way or another, you have been suspected of a dangerous crime. Though I do not know what that crime is. Perhaps, a part of secret terrorist group plotting to go against the military. However, it is not my job to find that out, because that's the school's responsibility."
Halting his speech, Jack slammed his hand on the table to inculcate the gravity of the situation to the students. He resumed his talk again.
"The punishment that has been handed to you is to have your abilities taken away."
As soon as Jack said those words, a couple of students dropped to their knees, complaining, "But, I didn't do anything, this can't be right?"
Some of them cried while one student, who was closest to the exit, dashed towards the door. Before he could even take a few steps, he felt a stinging pain on the back of his neck. His head started to swirl and his vision slowly began to fade, until he suddenly collapsed on the floor.
"Oh my gosh! Is he dead?!" A student cried.
The others were unable to see it because of how fast everything had happened, but Erin had seen it all. The green guard had taken out what looked like a small needle and swirled it inside his mouth with his tongue. Now, laced with a tiny amount of what looked like green liquid, it was catapulted right at the student's nape.
"I hope nobody else tries that again," Jack said. "This process is meant to be quick and painless. Now, please sit down on the seats behind you. I don't want there to be any more accidents."
Each of the students did as they were told. They carefully watched the guard lift the student who was passed out onto one of the empty chairs.
This was the deal-breaker for Erin. She had to do something otherwise she would lose her ability forever.
Hence, with a resolute countenance, she faced Jack and uttered, "But, we didn't do anything, sir," Erin said. "If you do this, people will find out about your made-up lies, we can just tell everyone the truth!"
"Oh, don't you worry about that, once I take your abilities away, you shall all pay a special visit to the dungeon. The school will then report to the rest - what was it that you said? Right, made up lies. The most common one and accepted is usually you were all working for Pure. With that, the student's curiosity will disappear and with it, your existence."
The green armored guard from earlier then started to walk over to the students. Erin was second to last along the row while Peter was sitting at the very end.
The guard had prepared some green liquid that was placed in some type of vial. He proceeded to place the liquid on the tip of his finger. Using his index, he would place it down right between the eyebrows, just above the nose, of the students.
Then, after a few seconds, the student would fall asleep. " A sleeping ability?" Erin mumbled.
"Ding ding ding, like I said, I'm not a monster. Although, by the time that you guys wake up, you will already be in the dungeon."
The guard had gone through the other students and it was finally Erin's turn. For a while now, she had been fumbling with something behind her back, waiting for Jack to get close, but he never did. He always kept his distance.
When the guard went to place his finger on her head, she immediately swung out her arm, aiming for his temple. In her hand was a small dagger that had been formed from ice.
She knew the guard was strong and fast, but a blow with a sharp object would be able to take down most people no matter who they were.
To her dismay, the guard didn't react at all. He continued with his task, placing his finger on her forehead. Nevertheless, just before the dagger reached his head, with his other hand, he had grabbed it and crushed it to pieces. The speed was too fast, so she had never thought that it was possible to block an attack that closely, unless one had a speed ability.
Still, she was sure that he was the one who had produced the sleeping agent - It was most likely from his blood. Which was why he had pricked the needle against his tongue. Someone couldn't have two abilities unless they were like Vorden.
This solely meant one thing. The beast gear he was wearing was at such a high level taht it would boost the user's stats to the point where they no longer seemed human.
Accordingly, she was not able to resist, and a few seconds later, she was asleep like all the others.
Finally, it came to Peter's turn. Willingly, before the man had even placed his finger on his forehead, he had closed his eyes. He knew that just looking at these people would annoy him, but he needed to follow Master Quinn's order.
Hence, he decided to keep them shut for now. Once the green liquid was placed on his head, all the students were ready.
Jack then looked at the green guard and cleared his throat out loud, signalling for the guard to leave.
"As you wish, sir." He said bowing down and left the room.
Now, standing outside as guard-on-duties, just by the door, were the two guards.
"Did he make you leave again?" The large guard asked.
"Yeah, I don't know why. We all know how his ability works." The green man replied.
The mechanical spider remained inside the room while Peter's watch recorded everything. Logan was unsure whether the second guard would ever leave the room. Yet, for some reason, it seemed like Jack had asked him to.
This would make their job easier, but they had to act now.
"Everyone, go! Both guards are outside and only Mr Trudream and the students are inside!"
***

EP-203 Stolen Abilities
Right behind the two of them, were two random first-year students who had been brought along. These students were the same ones from Fex's room, his roommates.
If it was anyone else being put in this situation, Fex probably would have felt guilty about what he was trying to make them do. But they were the ones who had attacked him first for no reason. So he couldn't think of any two more students to use.
A slight tint of red could be seen in their eyes. When Fex commanded them, they started to glow slightly. 
A few seconds later, they were on the move. The two students turned around the corner and started to bump into each other. While this was happening, Fex would peak around the corner while twiddling his fingers.
Eventually, the bumps turned into shoves as they continued their stride.
"Hey, what are you two doing? Get out of here!" The larger guard said.
But his words were useless as the two were starting to shove each other more harshly than before. Although it seemed a bit strange since there was no speech involved while performing these actions.
This was the limit to Fex's mind control. Since more complex instructions will result in breaking the spell.
The shoving had turned into a full-blown fistfight. While doing so, they would inch their way closer to the two guards.
"If you guys don't scram out of here, my foot is going to be shoved right into your arse!" The guard shouted this time.
They continued to ignore the guard's words, but it was more like they couldn't hear. Their mind was consumed with the last command by Fex.
Arms and legs were swinging out as the two continued to fight. Right now Fex was dwindling his fingers away faster than before, concentrating while the sweat ran down his forehead.
Controlling one person's set of movements with the strings was easy, but coordinating two and making it look realistic was tough.
He had attached strings to both of the students and given them the command to remain motionless, so everything they were doing right now was controlled by him.
While everything was happening, Layla was to keep guard, making sure no one came down the hallway and saw them.
Now the two were fighting incredibly close, and Fex had to pull one of his strings ever so slightly, causing an elbow to hit the large guard in the middle of his stomach.
"Huh, did it not hit, but I'm sure it did?" Fex was slightly confused. "He tugged on the string again, a  little bit harder this time, elbowing the guard in the stomach again. Still, there was no reaction.
Although the elbow had hit the large man there seemed to be no reaction whatsoever. This was because of the heavy armour the man was wearing.
However, even though the attack didn't hurt, the rage on his face was visible. "You two!"
"It's time for them to get out of there." Pulling the strings back Fex started to dash down the hallway, the students began to imitate Fex's movements and ran off as well, following his direction.
The large guard followed them but was quite slow with his heavy gear. It seemed like one of the attributes it gave was not speed. Some users would choose to focus on a set of beast armour that specialised in one area. They would do this to make up what they were lacking for, or to strengthen their abilities.
Layla saw the students dashing towards the hallway right around the corner following Fex who ran down the same hallway seconds ago. Which meant soon the bulky guard would soon follow them, around the same corner. 
Next to her was a door leading to a classroom.
It was a Sunday, and nearly all the classrooms were empty as the staff, and most of the students had a day off.
"Oh, no." With nothing else to do, she went for the closest room, opening the door and stepping inside. She took a deep breath and held it in.
The sound of the large guard's footsteps could be heard, as he ran around the corner to chase the two students.
Once the footsteps could no longer be heard, she stepped out of the room again.
As she turned to look around the corner, she noticed there was still another problem. The second guard was still standing outside. As long as he was there, Vorden and Quinn wouldn't be able to get inside.
She looked around to see if there was anything she could do, the only thing she could see was a plant pot down the hallway. Lifting it with her telekinesis ability, she started to levitate it in the air and floated it across the hall towards the green guard.
The guard spotted it floating about slowly coming towards him, but he remained there still. When the pot was finally in front of his face, he lashed out, smashing it and allowing it to drop to the floor. Yet he still hadn't moved from his position.
"Looks like I'm just going to have to kick his arse!" Raten said.
"No Vorden, this whole plan, we need you to cause the biggest distraction inside, you know that." Quinn said. "leave this guy to me."
****
Inside the meeting room, Jack was preparing himself. He straightened up the tie on his suit and then licked his lips, making sure they weren't too dry.
"This is the worst part," Jack said. He walked up to the first student and bent down, so the two were at eye level.
His head was now right next to the students. Grabbing the person by the head, he pulled it forward, pressing his lips against theirs. Suddenly, Jack could feel the energy from the student entering his body.
After thirty seconds or so, Jack removed his lips from the student’s mouth. He then spat on the ground and wiped his lips with his sleeve. 
"Damn it, why did my ability have to work in such a way!" Jack said, annoyingly. The only way Jack was able to take the ability of another, was to forcefully drain it from their mouths. He had tried and tested multiple ways, but for some reason, this was the only way that worked.
Some of the stronger abilities seemed to have certain restrictions. Similar to Vorden who had to touch the other user, and how it would only last up to twenty-four hours.
Still, there was nothing he could do about it, so he continued to go down the line, pressing his lips against each student draining their abilities. After each ability had been drained, he could feel them lingering around inside his stomach. Each of the forces was like little flames, all different from another.
Finally, he had reached Erin. "Now, here is someone I don't mind pressing my lips against," Jack said as he looked at Erin's delicate face and realised she was a true beauty. It was a shame she was still young; otherwise, he would have taken her back with him.
The energy flowed through Erin's body and slowly entered Jack's. While doing so, he could feel a slightly cold sensation. When he removed his lips from her, an icy breath was seen.
Her ability had been taken, and it now remained inside of Jack.
Now there was only one student who remained, and that was Peter. As Jack looked at him, he realized that Peter wasn't an attractive sight at all. His face was sunken in, and he looked dehydrated almost like he was already dead.
If he didn't see him moving earlier, he would have thought he was dead. "Alright last one." Jack then moved his face closer to Peter, he closed his eyes as he went to press his lips.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Peter said…
His eyes were wide open, and he was staring at Jack who was standing right in front of his face.
"You're awake, but how? I saw him use the sleeping agent on you!" Jack shouted as he backed away. He panicked and quickly hid behind the desk.
"Kenny! Get in here right now, one of them is awake!" Jack shouted, very much panicked and frightened. A situation like this had never happened before.
Just as Kenny was about to open the door, a shadow raised from underneath blocking his path.
****

204 Saving
He had never seen anything like it before, so he made sure to be cautious. It was a phenomenon unknown to him, so first, he needed to find out what it did before he could act accordingly. He took a single needle and swirled it around in his mouth before throwing it, towards the shadow, but when the needle hit, strangely enough, there seemed to be no reaction at all.
"What is this thing, is it some kind of ability?" This was not good, judging by the screams inside it was clear that one of the students was still awake, if they were using their ability right now, it could be the end of the Truedream family.
Of course, it was Quinn, he had used his shadow cloak ability to sneak up to the remaining guard in the hallway, and when he heard Jack Truedream screaming for help, he had decided to distract the guard, to give Vorden a chance to sneak into the room and take care of Jack. When he started his shadow control ability, he had to drop his shadow cloak, so the guard was going to notice him any second now.
The guard looked around to see if there was any other way into the room and that's when he spotted someone. A man dressed in a black suit of armour, wearing a demon mask covering his face. Even the top of his head was covered showing him the jagged white mechanical eyes of the suit.
"Is it you?" The guard asked. He knew he had to get inside quickly, because of the main weakness his boss had. Which was that he couldn't use the abilities he took from others, he was only able to give them to other people. So at the moment, he was defenseless without his guards.
Quinn said nothing in response and started to dash forward, bringing the shadow from the door back to him, it was now hovering above him. The guard saw this, and immediately threw several needles but the shadow managed to block them all.
Quinn quickly moved aside pulling the shadow close to him. Allowing the needless to pass through and continue down the hallway.
"Damn it, this is the problem going up against an original!" The guard was right. One of the main advantages one would have in a fight was knowing the ability of the other. Using the information Logan had given him, and his inspection skill. Quinn knew he couldn't afford to get hit by those needles.
He wasn't sure if his suit was strong enough to block them, so he would keep the shadow close to himself for protection.
When the guard saw that his needles were ineffective, he quickly pulled out his dagger, he was waiting for Quinn to get close. However, when they were around nine meters apart, Quinn jumped into the air spinning his body and then threw out a kick from the side.
[Blood crescent kick]
A large crescent shape line of red aura came out, strong and fast. The man had never expected this, he thought because the shadow was only used for defence so far, it would now be used for an attack, so he was keeping a keen eye on the shadow's movements. But instead, it looked like his opponent was using a completely different ability.
He could do nothing but take the attack head-on, when the aura was directly in front of him he struck at the red aura, which then shattered and disappeared.
Quinn stood still for a moment. His new skill was one of his strongest attacks in comparison to others. The only one stronger was his Blood Hammer. Still, the person in front of him was easily able to shatter it with his weapon, and there didn't seem to be a chip or anything on it.
Right now Quinn had to be incredibly cautious if he was to get out of here alive.
What he didn't know was that at the same time the guard in green gear was having similar thoughts.
'What was that attack? It was so powerful?' He thought.
His hand was feeling numb from the impact of the blow, and it had taken a decent amount of strength for him to shatter that red aura.
"Who are you, you should know who we are, why are you attacking?" The guard tried to distract Quinn.
Quinn spoke into the mask which gave him an altered deep electronic voice. "We know what you have been doing. We from Pure have been following your actions for a while now. We're here to save those kids from you!" Quinn said.
Right now he was improvising on the spot, and Logan was helping him with what to say. The reason why Logan thought this would be their best option, was since they wouldn't run an investigation on those closest to the kids.
In a way, it was true that Pure had informed them of Mr Truedream's plans, but they weren't the only ones taking action. Knowing this they were less likely to think someone associated with the kids were trying to save them.
'Come on Vorden, hurry up.' Quinn thought.
While Quinn was busy dealing with the guard Vorden had snuck past and entered the room. Or rather it was Raten who was in control now. He was using an invisibility ability he took earlier, so he couldn't be seen.
As he entered the room, he saw the students slumped over in their chairs and Jack hiding behind the desk, while Peter was in front of him just looking at him.
"Go away, or you will regret this!" Jack shouted.
"Are you threatening me?" Peter asked, and for the first time, a sinister smile appeared on his face. "You know if it wasn't for my master's orders you would be dead by now."
"I knew you were working for someone, tell me who it is and I'll spare you," Jack said, his voice still feeling a little shaky.
Suddenly, Logan had an urgent message, "guys the guard chasing Fex has given up and is now on his way back, you have to grab them and get out of there now! "
Raten then went to the corner of the room near one of the wooden shelves and activated his fire ability, setting the whole thing alive with fire.
"Peter Grab, Erin and get out of here, Quinn's orders!" Raten shouted.
Peter did as he was told, picking up Erin he quickly ran out of the room. But before Raten left he stared at Jack.
"Raten what are you doing? I said not to touch him?" Vorden said "You know we don't have a clue about how his ability works, if it's like ours and we touch him, we might even lose our own. And then we would be defenseless. Maybe Erin's ability was taken but if ours gets stolen as well, we would become useless.
"I wasn't going to suggest that," Raten said. "I think we should kill him here and now. That way he will no longer be a problem."
****

EP-205 Result of no Truedream
Peter had already left the room carrying Erin over his shoulder. He followed Logan's instructions telling him where to go, making sure to avoid the hallway where Quinn and Kenny were fighting right now. The directions he was giving them were to his room. Right now, it was the safest place he could think of.
Unlike the other rooms that had routine check-ups now and then, Logan's room was different. It was off-limits most of the time. This was a special request he made because of the number of different inventions he contained there. Afraid that someone would come in and possibly take on his ideas for profit.
At this point, the smoke had hit the detectors above, and the sprinklers had been activated. However, the flames were too strong to completely get rid of the fire. It could only slow them down for now.
Looking around the room, Jack could only see the students who were asleep in their chairs and was wondering what had caused the fire. However, when the sprinklers had turned on, the drops of water bouncing off Raten formed a slight outline to be seen.
Raten not only had the abilities of fire but of invisibility as well.
The strange shape that Jack could see was standing right in front of him, if it wasn't for this, he would have dashed for the door.
Raten had suggested killing Jack, but Vorden knew this wasn't an option. The simple reason was the balance of the current world right now. If Truedream were to die, it would go back to what it was like after the war.
When the war had ended, Earth was a mess. Ruined cities, a low population of animals and a lot of the land had sunken into the sea. The whole human race had been struck with poverty. Only there was a big difference now, they had powers.
This caused more war to happen than ever due to the lack of control. Eventually, the rise of the three families had come to create some type of order. But the relationship between the three of them wasn't the best either, and the fighting continued.
The military had power, but they weren't strong enough. They would have many people switching sides between them and the three families. That's why when Truedream had come to them seeking support, it was a blessing. It was someone the military could use to keep everyone in place, and it was why the current system had been put in the first place.
If Truedream was to be taken out of the picture, the military power would weaken, and the power balance would be upset, leading to another civil war. But that wasn't what worried Vorden the most. Civil wars happened, and in the end, there would often be a result.
The problem was if the Dalki was to see this. If the humans were fighting each other, they would come to invade as soon as possible.
For the sake of the current human race, Truedream was someone who needed to live, no matter how evil of a person he was.
Vorden tried his best to explain this to Raten, but right now he didn't care since he was in charge.
"I disagree," Raten said. "If the human race can't survive without one person, then maybe we shouldn't be alive in the first place." Raten had set his hand ablaze and threw a punch right towards Jack.
All Jack could see right now was a floating arm of fire. He tried his best to move out of the way, but the attack was too fast.
As his hand full of flames was about to hit, a slight reflection could be seen in front of Jack. "What the…" His hand had touched the reflection, and it felt like he was hitting a solid wall. A mysterious force then moved from the point where he had hit, and it seemed to bounce off right back at Raten.
"Hugo?" Jack said. As he turned his head, the large guard, wielding the two-handed axe had entered the room. "Well, we know someone is getting a raise."
"Damn!" With nothing else left to do, Raten quickly headed for the corridor. He didn't know Hugo's ability nor how strong he was. He loved fighting but wasn't crazy enough not to know when his chances were against him.
"Hugo the door!" Jack screamed.
Hugo held out his hand, and another reflection appeared just in front of the door. But it was too late. Jack could see the figure moving through the sprinkler's water, and it was clear it was no longer in the room with them.
"Damn it! You are too slow, forget about that Raise let's get out of here."
As Raten ran down the hallway, he could see Quinn, still busy dealing with the green guard Kenny. "I'm leaving!" He shouted.
And that was the signal for Quinn to disappear as well. Using his shadow cloak skill, Suddenly he disappeared right in front of Kenny's eyes. A few seconds later, Jack and Kenny came out of the room.
"Where the hell are they, find them now, and find that girl and the boy. I want them both dead, you hear me!" Jack shouted.
Instead of listening to Jack's words, Kenny immediately ran back into the room they had exited from. He ignored both Jack and Hugo. The fire was still burning in the room, and the students were still asleep under his abilities effect. He lifted two of them on each shoulder and took them out of the room, placing them on the ground gently.
He then did the same with the other four, and eventually, guards had arrived to help extinguish the fire.
Jack then walked up to Kenny and whacked him across the face giving him a big slap. "Did I ask you to save those students, you let them get away. If you don't have any information, you know what will happen to you."
While looking at the kids all safe out of the room, Kenny had a smile on his face. Although Jack was unable to see this due to the mask covering his mouth. "Sir, it seems like there were a few of them. I'm not sure how many but there were at least two of them. They claimed to be from Pure and were trying to save the kids."
"Pure, they've been tailing me for months but never acted out, this is a first for them. I thought I was safe here, so I didn't bring anything with me. We'll head back, for now, I can't risk staying here any longer." Said Jack. "But before we go, send a report to Duke. They want to save the kids that badly, well I won't let them have their way. If Duke is to find either of those two students, they are to be sent to me immediately, you understand!"
"Yes, sir!" They both said.
As the three of them walked off, Logan's mechanical spider had done the same. He had listened to everything Jack uttered. 
After a few minutes, everyone returned to Logan's room. Vorden, Peter, Layla, Fex, Quinn and Erin were all inside but Erin was lying on the bed still under the sleeping spell.
"We did it!" Layla shouted. "I can't believe we got them out of there."
"Man, that big guy was scary," Fex said. "For a second I thought he wasn't going to give up. Also, he moved pretty quick for a big guy."
"I wouldn't celebrate just yet guys," Logan said. "It seems like we have a problem."
Logan then played the recording of the mechanical spider. It stated that Truedream would order the school to bring Erin and Peter back if they were found.
They had hoped to claim they were from Pure perhaps Jack, would let the whole matter go and aim his anger at them, but it seemed to have the opposite effect.
"So what are you saying, Logan?" Vorden asked. "That we have to hide both Erin and Peter forever. We can't do that in the military base, that's just not possible, sooner or later it will slip up."
The group remained silent as each one of them thought about what to do. So far, they had managed to come up with a plan to get out, but this seemed to be the most complicated one.
It wasn't like they didn't think this would happen, but the problem was they had concentrated so much on saving their two friends, they didn't think about what to do after.
Of course, the school wouldn't just let them go. They knew the truth about Jack, so the best-case scenario was for them to end up in the dungeon, but now probably something even worse would happen to them if they were found out. Quinn's secret was kept but at what cost?
The anger of the big four. The loss of Erin's ability.
As Layla looked around the room, she could see everyone had a look of defeat on their face. Even the genius Logan hadn't come up with a solution. She then looked at Erin, who was sleeping away, her dear friend who had looked out for her this whole time. Although Erin might not have seen her as a friend, Layla did. She couldn't let Jack get her hands on her.
There was only one thing she could think of, to get them out of this.
"Guy's, I have a solution, but…please I don't want you to hate me after this," Layla said.
****

EP-206 Pure be with you
'Is this the right thing to do?' She thought, but she had already articulated those words. Right now, all attention was focused on her.
"Why would we hate you, Layla?" Quinn said. "If you have anything that can help us get out of this situation, then it will be fine."
Layla looked at Erin on the bed one more time, contemplating, 'If they'll understand or not.'
She finally decided to tell the others about her circumstances.
"I know a place, where a group of people will be able to keep her safe from all of this." She paused for a moment before saying the last words. "I'm from Pure. I was the one who wrote that letter."
"I knew it!" Vorden shouted. "Of course, she was hiding something. Why else would she willingly help and accept the truth of your identity? They probably wanted to use you for some reasons."
"That's not true!" Layla snapped back." They don't even know about Quinn. I didn't ask for this! I didn't ask for any of this." Layla said as tears started to run down her face.
Quinn then intervened, placing himself in between Layla and Vorden. Observing the situation, it seemed like Vorden was going to lash out at her any second if someone didn't interfere soon. He proceeded to lead her over to the bed and sat her down next to Erin.
"Sorry guys, but can someone explain to me what or who Pure is?" Fex said, bearing a confused look on his face, as he stood in the corner of the room.
"I'm glad you asked," Logan said, spinning his chair around to procure a file. Then, he opened it while uttering, "I had prepared for this after I saw Layla dropping off the note in the morning."
"You knew?" Vorden said, surprised. "Why didn't you tell us?"
"Was it important to the mission?" Logan replied. "Regardless if she was part of Pure or not, it was thanks to her information that we were able to get those two out of there. True, she might have an ulterior motive, but why would she reveal herself now? There is no need to unless she truly wishes to help."
Although Logan knew there was truth in his words, he couldn't help but think of the fact that she had kept it a secret for this long. It was contrary to Quinn's prompt revelation that he was a vampire. Something just didn't feel right about that and the things he had heard about Pure weren't the best.
In an instant, a projection was seen playing a myriad of different videos. It was mostly of people wearing a type of mask that covered their whole face - All with a figure of an angel that looked like it had its wings removed. It was the mark of Pure.
The video showed multiple explosion attacks on certain buildings and different factions were being conducted. It wasn't a pretty sight at all.
"Let me warn all of you. What you are seeing now is pretty biased. The only information I can get about them is filtered through the military. However, nearly everyone knows the basics. Pure has only one goal - To get rid of all abilities. They believe that the world and the system currently in place, are wrong. Even before abilities were introduced, many complained about the gap between the rich and the poor. However, they feel like now, even the basic human rights don't exist to those with weaker abilities." Logan explained.
"Which is pretty stupid, if you ask me," Vorden said. "It was only thanks to those with abilities that we were able to battle the Dalki. If we get rid of them, what do they want us to do? There are only a few people who would be able to kill beasts without the use of abilities in the first place. To then later make equipment to fight them. That is unless you're not human, of course."
These reasons were why Vorden was so suspicious of Layla. It made sense to him - There exists a stronger being that didn't rely on abilities. Although even the vampires had different levels, Vorden wouldn't put it past Pure to not think ahead.
"Wait, there is something that I don't understand," Fex said. "If Pure is a group of people who hate abilities and Layla is one of them, then why does she have an ability?"
They soon released that Fex's words were true. it was a bit hypocritical of a group who hated abilities to have people within the place with them.
Everyone then turned to look at Layla as they coveted to hear the answer.
"I didn't mean to deceive any of you. My situation here is quite complicated." Layla began to reason out. "As Logan explained, you all know what our goal is. As of the moment, the world is in balance, but the main culprit of the system in place is the military. However, the only reason they can enforce the rules is because of Truedream. At the same time, Turedream is a blessing for Pure. Since he's the only person that can take anyone's ability away."
Layla sighed after her lengthy explanation as she gazed at every one of her comrades, continuing her speech after a few seconds.
"Trudream often visited this military base. We have agents stationed at every base so far, but only at this one did they never come back. Accordingly, they wanted a student to infiltrate it."
"And they sent a kid?" Vorden explained. "Seems like a good place to send Erin then, doesn't it?"
"I volunteered!" Layla shouted, yet her eye slightly twitched when she said those words. Because the truth was she didn't volunteer for this mission, but her mother offered her daughter for her benefit. "Look, this isn't about me and Pure. This matter is about Erin. Right now, she doesn't have an ability, Trudream has been known for doing this to people and we've taken them in, though we still looked out for them. We will do the same for Erin."
Vorden then dragged Quinn towards the side and whispered in his ear. "You're not considering this, are you? For Erin and Peter to go over to Pure?"
After hearing this, Quinn was struggling. He was pretty sure that Layla meant no harm, yet putting his friends in the hand of strangers and sending Peter would be a huge risk. His evil nature, without Quinn by his side, would take over. Moreover, if they ever find out who he was, it would be no better than the school finding it out.
Nevertheless, it was different with Erin. Henceforth, Quinn shifted his stare towards Logan, asking, "Logan, don't you have everything recorded? Can't we just use that as blackmail against Truedream? Spread it on the internet or something."
"Impossible," Logan replied without delay. "You remember the reports I brought up earlier? The military has a monopoly on what can be seen and what cannot. It would be taken down in an instant, and no one would want to host such a thing. They would be going up against two powerhouses. No one has the power to go up against them. I'm sorry but I wouldn't even want to risk the safety of my family by angering them."
When Logan enlightened the actuality, Vorden started to think about his own family. If it was them they could do something about it. The sole problem was that he wasn't on good terms with them at all. No one in his family would listen to him, much more do him a favour - It wasn't the Blade's family way.
It was why he had never considered it to be an option in the first place.
"I think we have no other choice," Quinn said. "The best thing for Erin will be to go over to Pure. The two of them are close and if Layla wanted to hurt any of us, the last person she would hurt would be Erin."
"Wait! Only Erin?" Layla inquired. "But what about Peter? he can come too."
Quinn shook his head as he looked at Peter.
"He can't, and Vorden and Fex probably already know the reason why," Quinn explained. "Peter has changed, Layla. If he isn't next to me, then there's no telling what he would do."
Layla then looked at Peter. Although his physical appearance had changed a little, she hadn't been around him lately to notice any further changes. Still, when she looked into his eyes, she noticed that they were lifeless.
"Okay, so Erin goes to Pure," Vorden stated. "What about Peter?"
Quinn's mind was already muddled as he tried to think of solutions, but at that moment, he was out of ideas. The only thing they could do was to hide him for as long as possible or they could opt to utilize Vorden's favourite suggestion.
"Quinn we could always..."
"Don't say it Vorden" Quinn cut him off shortly before he finished his sentence, knowing very well what Vorden was going to suggest.
"I believe I have a solution to your problem with Peter." The system said.
****

EP-207 A new ability
"What do you mean you have an idea for Peter?" Quinn asked.
"The main issue right now is the fact that your faces cannot appear in the school anymore. At the same time, Peter won't be able to leave the military base due to the fear of him running wild. But we have one solution available for Peter that will solve both of these problems."
The system explained.
Now, Quinn was waiting for the worrisome part.
"He can learn a transformation ability. Ever since you turned him... He lost his original powers and his body is now different from what it once was, meaning he can now learn another ability."
"But I thought you said we had to find a specific ability for vampires that could be learnt. Just like I learnt the shadow book. At that time not a single one reacted when I touched it, only the shadow one did." Quinn asked.
"Perhaps I need to remind you once again. What I said was, there are certain abilities that only vampires can learn, and at the same time, there are abilities that only humans can learn. However, some abilities are in the middle, somewhere in between, and one of them is the transformation ability."
The transformation ability wasn't a popular ability with the general public. It gave the user nothing extra that could aid them in combat.
Therefore, it was looked down upon by a lot of people.
Still, it did have its uses.
With the transformation ability, one could alter their face, and look like another.
This meant it was often used for infiltration or spying. The problem was whenever these people were discovered, they would be killed in an instant because transformation ability does not grant them any offensive capabilities at all, or even defensive.
"Why didn't you suggest this before?" Quinn asked.
"Before, I felt like it would be more beneficial for you to wait for a more powerful ability to pop up. One that would make you and Peter stronger. But right now, it's more important than anything. It would prevent Peter from being caught." The system explained.
Quinn then explained to the others what his plan was with Peter. How he still hadn't learned an ability so he could still learn the transformation ability. Still, there was one problem with the whole thing and that relied on Logan.
Quinn needed Logan's help... Even if Peter could disguise himself — If he appeared as a new student the entire school would know, he also couldn't pretend to be someone else since that would be too obvious.
"So what do you think Logan?" Quinn asked. "Will you be able to hack into the school system and add his ID?"
"The problem isn't whether I can do it or not Quinn," Logan replied. "I can. That's like asking if a bee can make honey. The problem is making it all seem natural. Say there are five hundred first-year students. Then one day suddenly there are five hundred and one students. The new kid turns up to class and everyone is just meant to accept it. It won't work."
Once again, the group were deep in thought.
"I have an idea," Vorden said. "When we went to the planet Caladi and the Dalki attacked us. Didn't they say they couldn't find three of the students' bodies?"
"That's right," Layla replied. "They assumed they had died somewhere deep in the desert and their bodies were eaten."
Hearing this started to bring back memories for Quinn. The truth was the Dalki hadn't killed them. It was him that killed them. Although no one knew about this fact yet.
"Well, once Peter learns the transformation ability, why don't we get him to look like one of those students. We can have him appear back near the portal and say he had gotten lost in the desert and came back now." Vorden asked.
"Now, that is big brain thinking," Logan said. He then hopped onto his computer and went over to the marketplace in search of a transformation ability book. It had to be one of a high level to be able to get the finer details right in the face structure.
It didn't take long for Logan to find one, due to how unpopular the skill was. It seemed to be a level 5 skill which was perfect. It would be good enough for Peter to look nearly identical to one of the students and with Peter's mutant cells being slightly different it wouldn't show his real level on the watch anyway.
Only displaying the fake number Logan had entered.
"Ability book purchased!"
"Hey, Logan... You didn't have to do that, I could have paid for it." Quinn said feeling bad at how much money Logan had spent on him now.
"Don't worry Quinn. I'm involved in this too now and if I didn't want to do it, I would have kicked you all out of this room. Besides who said I wasn't keeping a tab? I do have to warn you that I do charge quite the interest." Logan said.
It was hard for Quinn to tell whether Logan was joking about the whole thing or not.
When he said those words his expression never changed. But Quinn would have liked to think he was cracking a joke, it was nice seeing Logan try to fit in. But this was a different matter… Quinn also didn't want his wallet to take a hit.
After purchasing the book and imputing the code, it arrived in only a few seconds right into Logan's room.
"It will probably take him a few weeks or so for him to learn it," Logan said. "For now he can stay in my room. Luckily he doesn't need any food or anything so as long as he stays here he'll be fine."
Quinn didn't like the idea of that. He could imagine either Peter accidentally touching one of Logan's prized possession or getting a laser beam shot through his chest. Or Logan would say something that caused Peter to snap.
"Let me try something," Quinn said as he walked over and grabbed the book himself.
[Level 5 Transformation Ability book obtained]
[Would you like to store the book?]
[No]
[Option to use the ability book on Family member (Peter)]
[Would you like to use it?]
Although Peter didn't have a system ability Quinn had a feeling something like this might just work. His family was linked through the system. The system had also mentioned if Peter and Quinn were fighting near each other, Quinn would get the Exp for it.
So, it gave Quinn hope that just maybe something like this would work...
"Maybe we won't have to wait at all." Said Quin as he accepted the system's suggestion.
The book floated in the air and flew over to where Peter was. The pages turned and turned until they hit the very last one. Then the book started to disintegrate in front of everyone's eyes.
[Peter Chuck has successfully learned the ability (Transform)]
"Peter do you want to try transforming into me?" Quinn asked.
As a tester, Peter did just that and slowly his face started to reshape and reform into a second Quinn. It was nearly perfect. There wasn't enough of a difference for someone to notice using their eye.
The others watching were amazed by this. Logan was the only one in this room that had an idea of what just happened. While Vorden and Layla had put it down to vampire stuff, they just didn't understand the specifics of what just occurred in front of them.
However, there was another vampire in the room who had seen Quinn do something that he had never seen another vampire do before. Just like humans, vampires usually had to take time to learn the abilities that they wanted to learn. Yet he had just witnessed, a vampire learn an ability in an instant.
'Just who are you, Quinn?' Fex thought.
At that moment, groans could be heard in the room. As they turned around, it seemed that Erin was about to wake up.
It was now time to tell her, what her fate was going to be.
*****

EP-208 Peter's change
There wasn't anything he could do about a person's height or physical appearance. This also meant that he wouldn't be able to pretend to be a girl unless one had the same body type as his. Higher-level transformation ability would allow him to do this in the future but they weren't available in the marketplace.
Logan decided to look at the height details and images trying to select the best one, that would suit Peter.
Out of the three, there were two that matched Peter the closest. Now while deciding between which one, Logan opted for the one with less background information and with an ability they could pass off that wouldn't cause too much trouble. Their options were a wind user or the duplication user. In the end, they decided to go for the duplication ability user.
It was the best option for them, Peter would no longer have to go to the elemental class and try to pretend to be able to use a certain type of ability. This would make Vorden's job a lot easier. And he would also be able to join Quinn's beast weapon class allowing him to keep a close eye.
Hearing this, Quinn wanted to protest the idea. Out of the three men from Ben's group that had attacked him in the desert that day. Two had died while one had lived. That was the same person they were suggesting Peter act as.
Quinn had left him in the desert after removing his memory, but he never came back nor did the search party find him. Perhaps while he was laid on the desert floor a beast did come and kill him.
After thinking about it, he released if he hadn't come back now the chances were really low of the person returning. He was most likely dead.
Peter looked at the screen and carefully started to morph his face. The student had medium length brown hair, and one of the finer details about him was he would often wear a bandana that cut off one side of his hair while the other remained up.
Finally, Peter would no longer go by his name in the school and now would be known as Pio Blank.
Quinn took a long stare at Peter and released this might have been the better option for him. If he was to look at Peter, a person he had killed or seen die right in front of him day and night, he didn’t know how that would make him feel.
While this all was happening, the groans from the back were heard as Erin lifted her body off the bed and touched her head. It was ringing with dull pain and her face felt slightly numb, similar to a migraine.
When she looked up she could see the faces of everyone staring at her and a person she had never seen before.
"Who the heck is the new guy." Erin groaned.
No one said a word and after a few moments, she started to remember everything that happened to her. Her last words with Jack and what he had planned to do with them.
"No! No! No!" She started to scream. There was no need for her to try to use her ability. She could feel that it was no longer with her. But just in case she tried to form ice in her hand. Again and again but there was no result.
"Calm her down, before someone outside hears us," Vorden said.
Layla quickly rushed over to her side but Erin couldn't help but scream in anger and sadness. The others had never seen this side of Erin before. It was different for most of them who had been weak their whole life. If their powers were taken away it wouldn't make much of a difference.
But for Erin, she was high up. Of course, the others didn't know the full story about how much everything meant to her. Losing her ability felt like she had lost everything. All she had left was her swordsmanship and after meeting Fex she could tell she was nothing special.
"Do you want us to be caught?" Logan said as he threw out a circular device towards Erin. The device opened up mid-air just before reaching her mouth and wrapped around it like a tight fit mask. The screams had stopped but the tears continued to run down her face.
"Erin, I know you are upset but right now your situation involves all of us," Logan explained. "I can't have your selfish actions harm me or the others, now Layla, I believe you would be the best person to explain to her what we have planned."
While Erin's mouth was covered, it was a lot easier for Layla to explain. It gave no option for Erin to complain in between and allowed Layla to explain everything. She explained, how Jack had sent out a search party for her and Peter, how she was part of Pure and they would be sending her to Pure for protection.
Logan then walked up to Erin and had a few words to say himself before taking the device off her mouth.
"Now if you scream, it goes back on. The situation is not favourable for any of us and please trust me. We went through all the options. I even looked into your background and thought about seeing if we could send you back to your family. But that's not possible.
"Staying with Pure is the only option we have." Logan took off Erin's wristwatch and made a few adjustments to it before placing it back. "We are a bit wary of Pure so if you need any emergency help, you can contact me through that, although I doubt we will be able to do anything. Do you understand?"
Erin nodded calmy. Rather than angry or sad she seemed to be going through a different stage right now. She was in shock. As soon as the mask was taken off she started to look at Layla.
"Will you be coming with me?" Erin asked with pain in her voice.
Layla looked in her eyes and held both of her hands before shaking her head. She knew the next words would hit her hard. "No I can't, I still have my mission here," Layla replied.
At that moment Erin snapped her hands back. Everything was getting a little too much for her. Her abilities had been taken, she was being treated as a convict by the school, Jack was possibly after her life and now she had no choice but to join a terrorist group.
Yet, why did this have to happen to her, was it just her bad luck, then she started to remember there was one more person who was going through something similar.
"What about Peter, will he be coming along with me as well?" Although Erin didn’t get along with Peter, if she was going through this struggle with someone she knew, it would at least be better than going through it alone.
The student who Erin didn't recognize stood next to Quinn stepped forward and his face started to morph back into his old self.
"But how, didn't have an earth ability?" Erin asked. "How did he learn that?" The sound of a little excitement and hope could be felt in her voice.
"That's because Peter is no longer human," Quinn explained. "When a human turns into a vampire or vampire subclass they lose their old ability as their body changes. Logan's guess is, it has something to do with the cells in the body being different. Essentially it's like getting a new body so Peter was able to learn a new ability."
Hearing these words from Quinn suddenly gave Erin an idea. She had lost her ability but not all hope was gone. If what Quinn was saying was correct, there was a chance for her to get her powers back.
She stood up from the bed and said… "Quinn, I want you to make me a Vampire. I want you to turn me like how you turned Peter."
*****

EP-209 Someone on the inside
Before she would have never considered it. There were too many downsides, which she saw both Peter and Quinn deal with. As long as she grew her ice abilities slowly with higher grade ability books, or if she was to find a good teacher. She would be able to progress up the ranks and eventually become a force to be reckoned with.
Still, right now, that wasn't the case and her best option was right in front of her. What she didn't realize though was the grave mistake that she had just committed. While asking Quinn to turn her, she had mentioned a particular detail that someone in the room wasn't quite sure about.
Even now Quinn was peeking at Fex from the corner of his eyes. He was trying to gauge Fex’s reaction. Many times before Fex had mentioned the fact that he thought Peter had been created by an irresponsible leader.
However, Fex didn't have much of a reaction. He continued to stand there without any reaction. The reason was that he had already assumed Quinn was the one who turned Peter. He wouldn't have been so loyal without his master by his side. It also explained why Quinn wasn't trusting Fex in the first place, other than his shadow ability.
Peter was illegal and if the council ever found out about Peter. Both of them would be executed. The reason why Fex didn't have much of a reaction to what Erin was suggesting though, was because of their Vampiric limits.
Even without the laws, a regular Vampire could turn at most one person. Someone like Fex could turn two and he would be permitted to do so when he ascended to the Noble rank. He knew Quinn's strength and never thought he would be able to turn more than one person so Erin's suggestion meant nothing.
Seeing that Fex wasn't making a big deal out of everything, Quinn decided to continue. "Erin even if I wanted to I can't. It wouldn't change the situation we are in" Quinn explained.
"What do you mean?" she asked, slightly annoyed taking a step forward.
It seemed like Erin was starting to regain her snappy confidence back, but Quinn could also tell this meant her emotions were all over the place and she was still very much unstable.
Taking a step back, Quinn tried his best to explain.
"First I think you're forgetting the main issue here. It isn't that your ability was stolen from you, but it's the fact that the school and Jack are after you. Either way, we need to hide you somewhere, and going to Pure is the best option.
"If I was to turn you and you were to turn into a ghoul, like Peter, or maybe something else. Once they found out, who knows what they would do to you?"
Although Layla felt a little hurt about the others talking badly about the organization she was in, at the same time she couldn't intervene and argue her case. If they did find out Erin was a type of Vampire they didn't know about. Who knows what they would do to her, even Layla didn't know.
" And the last issue, say you turned into a vampire, then what? Do you want the same ability as Peter? To transform. I would have thought you would have at least wanted something similar if not better than your ice abilities."
"Fex can just teach me his string ability, or your shadow ability looks nice as well." Erin snapped back. Forgetting about the first point Quinn had made and only focusing on the fact that Quinn would be able to help her gain power.
What Erin didn't know was Quinn had learned his ability through an unusual method. He hadn't practiced the techniques written down in a book. Everything just worked through the system. There was no way for him to explain or teach someone how to use the shadow ability.
And unless Erin was a part of Fex's family. He wouldn't be happy to teach her to use his strings either.
"Perhaps I should take over the explaining," Logan said as he moved forward. "The reason Peter got the transformation ability in the first place, was so he could hide in plain sight. We are currently using one of the missing male students from the planet Caldi.
If you did change your mind and gave in, ending up with the transformation ability, it would still be impossible to hide you, Erin. There have been no missing female students since the start of the term. They find you, and you will be taken to the dungeon. If Pure finds out that you have been turned into a vampire, you will probably experience an even worse fate."
Hearing their explanation wasn't calming Erin down at all instead, it was making her feel drained and defeated. She thought that perhaps Quinn was her scapegoat.
"What's the point of me being protected by Pure, am I meant to just be some type of princess that can't fight for herself?" she complained.
"It won't be like that," Layla replied. "There are many people in Pure who are of equal strength to those with powers to the outside. Look at our Leader for a clear example."
The Pure leader was well known around the world and that was mainly because of one reason. They were one of the only two people currently in the world to possess a demon class weapon. The highest-tiered beast weapon that is currently known.
Right now Quinn could see that Layla was acting rash. And perhaps wasn't thinking properly so he thought there might be just one thing he could say to calm her down.
"Why don't we make a deal?" Quinn said. "Stay with Pure for now, once this whole thing blows over or we finish school, come back to me. If you still wish for me to turn you into a vampire then I will. Please understand Erin, none of us can do anything when we are dead."
She looked into his eyes for a while before eventually giving his answer, and finally shook Quinn's hand. "Sometimes you make some sense," she said.
Finally, the matter had been settled and a plan set. Peter would at some point appear in the portal room, claiming to be Pio, the student who had gone missing on the last outing. While Erin would go to Pure for now, then perhaps return to Quinn's side in the future.
"What do we need to do to send Erin to Pure then?" Vorden asked. "It's not exactly like we can just walk out the front door of this place. Students have tried leaving before and it's nearly impossible."
"Logan do you have an answer?" Quinn asked.
"Unfortunately not," Logan replied. "These military bases are strange. Quite honestly, even I don't know where we are located at the moment. I can disable the tracker and you can try going outside, but we need a vehicle of some sort or maybe we might need a ship depending on where we are."
"We have Pure members stationed on nearly every Planet, except for a few red planets," Layla said. "We won't need to go outside but just get Erin to the portal room."
"That's no good," Logan said. "It seems like after the incident last time with a couple of students being pushed into one of the portals. They have been stricter about the security there."
Vorden and Quinn gave each other a glance before both turned their heads at Peter.
While looking around the room for a solution, Fex spotted the strange square-shaped device that was located in Logan's room. He noticed it almost instantly. It was a teleporter but not just any type. It was the same type of teleporters they used on his planet.
But this wouldn't be of any help to them at all. The last place Fex wanted to go was back home, and the others would be made into food in an instant if they were taken there. He did, however, decide to make note of where it was just in case he ever decided to go back.
"How about Fex's mind control?" Erin said. "Couldn't he tell them to go away or remove their memories?"
"If they are adults it would be much harder than before," Fex replied. "Besides, right now I'm guessing there will be a lot of people covering that area. If I wanted to get out of this place the portal room would be the first place I would think of. So there's no way we can pull off something as similar as we did against Truedream. Not unless we had someone on the inside."
The last words Fex had spoken gave Quinn an idea. It was a risky one but he had a gut feeling that he would be able to help. He was already keeping Quinn’s huge, so there was some trust between them, and he felt like if there was one person that was on the right side of justice, it would be him.
"Then we have no choice," Quinn said. "We need to ask Leo for help."
****

EP-210 Will he help?
"Why would you suggest that?" Vorden said. "Leo is a sergeant, and although he isn't under Duke, he is under Nathan, who is ultimately under Paul, the head general. It's clear that Leo is working for them or at least he takes direct orders from them."
It was a simple deduction that Vorden had made, and it would be right to assume so. But Quinn didn't believe it.
"Well, maybe I can change your mind about him," Quinn said. "First of all, I'm pretty sure he knows I'm a vampire; let me change that. I'm a hundred percent sure he knows that I'm not human, and the same could be said for Fex and Peter."
"Wait a minute," Erin called out. "Is that why he gives you special treatment? Now, that I think about it, it all makes sense."
"I'm not sure about that one," Quinn said, letting out a chuckle. "But I'm sure his ability has something to do with it. He knew I was different from the beginning and has safeguarded my secret until this day. Leo is different from the other teachers. He once inquired about whose side I was on. It made me wonder about a couple of things."
Leo himself doesn't align with the military; he is on the side of humanity. This was what he was checking up on with me that day. As long as there is a threat to humanity, he will protect us."
Logan then quickly hopped onto his computer and started to type away, checking to see if there was any information he could bring upon Leo, if at all.
"So, is this a hunch?" Vorden inquired. "Isn't it too risky to go on this journey just based on a hunch?"
"I too am in favor of talking to Leo; I think it is a good idea," Erin added. "I agree he's different from the other teachers. Remember how he saved us from the Dalki attack that one time? And during our lessons, he would continuously give me tips about my swordsmanship. Also, it seemed he treated everyone the same, no matter what. The way he acted just doesn't fit in with the way the world is right now. Usually, a teacher would choose to focus only on the promising students trying to please the upper ranks, but he never did anything of that sort.
"I respect him as a teacher, and if me leaving this place is based on whether or not we can trust Leo, then I would bet on him over any of the other teachers."
"Isn't Leo the guy I fought with?" Fex said. "I mean if it's him, he seemed like a pretty cool guy."
"I know, but we don't go trusting people based on how cool they are," Vorden replied.
"I guess you're right," Fex replied. "Otherwise, you guys would have trusted me from the beginning, right?" He said as he swiped back a single strand of hair that had appeared in front of his face.
Once again, Logan projected the information about Leo onto the screen. Most news articles and information about Leo had to do with his accomplishments during the last war. He stood out due to the amount of Dalki he had killed, despite being a lowly private at the time.
"Here you go," Logan said. "It looks like you might be onto something after all. It says Leo readily refused to join the military and only wanted peace after the war. However, he did agree to fight once again if the Dalki were to invade.
"At the time, Leo was a bit of a lone wolf who had refused to join any factions, including the Big Four. The military saw this as a chance to grab him up, but it proved difficult. In the end, Leo agreed at a request: he would join as a teacher.
"Judging by this, it is as you say; perhaps, he isn't as closely aligned with the military as the others here are."
It was a risk, and others knew it would be, but if Erin was happy to go through with it, then she should at least have some say in what they were planning to do with her.
Suddenly, Logan lept out of his chair and started to search around his room for some items. He went through crates and crates of stuff until he had finally found what was looking for. After pulling out the strange-looking object, he went back to his computer to fiddle with a few more things.
A bright light emerged from the projector, which used to display the holograms so far, it now displayed a solid wall of green.
"Which one of you is the best at acting here?" Logan inquired. The others didn't know who to look at but eventually, they all directed their gaze at Vorden. Even Quinn didn't know why he did this. But based on the numerous ways Vorden could express himself, he felt him to be the perfect fit for the task at hand.
Logan then paced near Vorden, and without even asking for his consent, he tried to put the strange-looking helmet device on his head. Unfortunately, there was quite a height difference between the two.
"Can you not see what I'm trying to do? Bend down, you dumb giant!" Logan shouted.
Vorden immediately bent down as little Logan placed the strange helmet on top of his head. The helmet mainly went around his forehead and had unusual mechanical arms that came outward.
"Even if you go to Leo and he agrees to help, the security around everywhere is going to be tough. This is the only thing I can think of, which might get them to lower their guard a bit." Logan said.
"The strange helmet thing?" Vorden replied, his tone strange.
"This here is a facial recognition device. It can track the smallest of details and all the little movements of the muscles in your face. What I plan to do is make a video. If we put both Peter and Erin up against the green screen and we have our actor Vorden here, I will be able to create a realistic video.
"The plan is to pretend the video has been sent from Pure, informing the school that the kids they are looking for have already left the planet and are safe in Pure's hands. That strange helmet device and the green backdrop are to change your appearance to whoever I like, same with the background.
"Once they know Pure safely has the two of you; hopefully, they will stop searching around as desperately as they are doing now."
Quinn was amazed by Logan's thinking ability and thought of all the things he could do with him. He was lucky to have someone like him on his side and would hate to think what it would be to have him as an enemy.
A speech was made for Vorden to act out while Layla was in charge of telling Vorden what to say. It made sense since she knew what would Pure send, to make the video sound more authentic.
The speech even ended with a phrase they had never heard before, 'May we purify your souls'
She explained that it was a type of signature, Pure used when they sent things like this to their enemy.
It also made the others realize how Layla was living a double life and perhaps the Layla they knew wasn't real at all.
The video was made, and now it was time for them to act. Logan would stay in the room to make sure the file got to the school while Peter and Erin would remain to hide in the room along with Fex.
If an inspection occurred, at most, they would only send two people into Logan's room due to his special privileges. As long as that person wasn't overwhelmingly strong in the mind, Fex would be able to clear their memories, as if they never saw anything.
Vorden and Quinn would head to Leo and explain the details of what had happened, hoping they would be able to help Erin.
While lastly, Layla had her task to do. She had to inform Pure of the plan as well. She was quite nervous about this, as she had broken the rules of Pure and acted on her own. Explaining this meant she would have to receive a punishment.
But right now, she didn't care about the consequences. She just wanted her friend Erin to remain safe.
'I hope this conversation goes well.' Layla thought.
*****

EP-211 A way out
The others didn't know each other well, if not for Quinn. The only sound that could be heard was Logan typing away on his computer, trying to gain access and find a way to upload the video they had made, without any traces.
Fex, on the other hand, was keeping a close eye on Peter. Without Quinn there, Fex felt like it was his duty to protect all of them, if he went out of control, though Logan would be able to deal with him on his own. He knew firsthand how strong his shots from his strange suit were.
While looking deeply at Peter, Fex was trying to figure out just who Quinn was. Right now he had two main theories, one of them was that he was a member of one of the thirteen families raised here on earth since birth, and reported back to the main families once in a while.
While down here, he had made the mistake of turning Peter and was now trying to keep it a secret. But the thing that threw him off with this theory was his ability. The shadow ability. His first thought was, that one of the families was keeping it a secret. When the crowning was to happen again, it would give them quite the power advantage.
The other theory was, Quinn didn't belong to any of the thirteen vampire families and instead belonged to them. The original shadow users. However, this theory of his was the most outlandish since they were meant to be long dead.
If the Vampire Council found out they hadn't all died, then there would be chaos.
****
Walking down the hallway, both Quinn and Vorden were making their way to the weapons class. Even on off days like today, Leo would often rest there, or practice his swordsmanship. It was hard to say that Leo was a workaholic because he wasn't doing it for work reasons.
But there were times when Quinn and others around him could see that Leo was obsessed with the blade, but even that wasn't quite right either. Leo was just obsessed with getting revenge against the Dalki.
While walking around, they could see the panic in the soldiers' faces. The students, who were outside the campus and around the city, had been asked to come back and remain inside the school.
There was strict border control being held just around the school, with a soldier surrounding the whole place in a circle. Even on their way to the martial arts hall, Quinn and Vorden were both questioned several times.
The two of them now stood just outside the weapons hall, and Vorden hesitated before stepping in. "Quinn, this is the last chance. Are you sure? What do we do if he doesn't agree? I don't think we're strong enough to fight him."
"Even if he doesn't agree, he's not the type to turn us in for protecting a friend. He'll understand. Trust me." With that, Quinn stepped forward, full of confidence, opening the door into the martial arts hall.
It was the weekend, so no students were inside, but Leo was there, standing in the middle of the room. Sweat was dripping down from his forehead while his sword was still sheathed by his side.
Even before the two of them entered the room, he was already looking in their direction.
"The two of you were standing outside for a while. I was wondering when you were going to come in," Leo said.
"Is this guy blind?" Vorden asked. There weren't many opportunities where both Vorden and Leo were able to be around each other. Vorden knew about the accomplishments he had made during the war, but sometimes, the rumors would often be exaggerated.
'I wonder if I could touch him,' Vorden thought.
As the two of them got closer, Leo could tell that the energy inside the two of them was disturbed, but while looking at Vorden, it seemed strange. Had he met this person before? Because right now, he was looking at a person who had two different flows of energy inside him.
This was because Vorden currently held the fire ability, as well as the invisibility ability.
"Leo, I know you have already done me a huge favor by keeping my secret," Quinn spoke. "And because of this, I have decided to trust you with something else. I hope my hunch isn't wrong and I hope you can help me."
"I can't make any promises as I do not know what you wish to tell me," Leo said. "But as long as you are not in the wrong, you have nothing to worry about."
When Leo spoke those last words, it gave Vorden a little shiver down his spine. Just what had this man gone through to be able to create such an intense feeling with only a few words? Was it his ability? Or was it just the pressure emitting from this person?
Quinn started to explain what had happened, and how they had come to learn what Truedream's reason for coming to the academy was. As well as how Pure was the one who had informed them and how their friends had been chosen for the process. All they wanted to do was protect Erin and Peter.
Quinn however, did leave out the detail of them, trying to save Peter for a different reason related to himself, and just explained that he didn't want his friends to lose their ability. He also mentioned how they needed to send Erin out of here right now.
After they had finished explaining, both Quinn and Vorden took a deep breath, trying to calm themselves down. They carefully watched where Leo's hands were placed, thinking that any second now, he would go for his blade and capture the two.
"You two can calm down," Leo said. "As I've said to both of you before, as long as you are not in the wrong, I shall help. And in this situation, I believe you are not in the wrong."
While Quinn spoke about everything that had happened to Truedream, Leo made sure to carefully keep an eye on their energy flow, as well as their heartbeat. He noticed quite often when people were lying, their flow of energy, as well as their heartbeat, would alter slightly.
Over the years, it came to the point where Leo was just as good as any lie detector. Of course, some had a solid will and had been trained to the point where it wouldn't affect them. But for kids like these, it was easy for him to tell. He knew that the words Quinn spoke were the truth.
"So, can you help us?" Quinn asked with a little smile on his face.
"There isn't much I can do with the situation with Jack. Although he's not part of the military, he is treated a lot higher than I. When I arrived here, I was adamant to be put under Nathan since I had an odd feeling about Duke."
"Right now, because of my rank, there isn't much I can do. Jack holds a special relationship with our head general Paul. The only thing I can do is wait to meet with the head general of military base one. Not everyone in the military agrees with Jack's doing, and this will hopefully be a step in the right direction."
What Leo was doing right now was a risk most people would never take. If someone were to find out that they were trying to ruin the relationship between Jack and the military, there would be many people on both sides upset with this, and most likely, would go after Leo's life.
What he was doing right now was fearless, and Leo didn't have a group or other people backing him, but only himself.
"Don't worry about that," Quinn said. "Right now, all we need to do is save our friend. Is there any way you can get us inside the teleport room to send her off somewhere?"
Leo started to think, which wasn't a good sign. It seemed like he asked a simple yes or no answer, but that didn't seem to be the case.
"As you know, the portal room has been heavily guarded ever since what happened between you two. Most likely, it will be guarded even more. Still, there is a way. Follow me."
*****

EP-212 Ranks of Pure
"I think by the end of the day, I'm going to come out around five pounds lighter," She mockingly said to herself, desperately trying to forget about the ordeal she was in.
There was no one inside when she entered her room. Her roommates were Erin and another female student. Most of the time, their other roommate seemed to be out, which was a good thing for Layla.
Still, just to be safe, she kept an eye on the door as she went about doing what needed to be done. She had no clue, how Logan caught her despite her being so conscious. This made her second-guess her actions. 
All those years of training were hammered into her so she wouldn't be caught during an investigation, and in the end, she was caught by another student. Maybe she just wasn't made for work like this.
The black orb resting under her bed was now in her hand. And once again, she took a deep breath, readying herself before tapping the top of the sphere. The blue ring on the top started to pulse in and out until eventually, turned into a solid blue color, signaling that it had been connected.
"Agent 45 connected with Agent 83. Today isn't a report day. Does there seem to be a problem?" the voice from the sphere asked.
"I would like to make a special report, would you please connect me to Agent Number 5?" Layla asked.
"The single agents are too busy. You can report it to me and I will pass on the message to them."
"I'll ask you again," Layla said firmly. "Please let me speak to Agent 5. This is not a request as an agent, but say that it's from her daughter."
There seemed to be a slight pause between the two for a moment before the agent eventually replied…
"I will see what she says."
Layla waited while the other agent contacted her mother. In the Pure organization, they had special numbers associated with each agent. The number system could be split up into four different categories. The first group of people was the hundreds.
These agents of Pure were given no such number ranking. All they were told were that they were above the hundred special agents. These people would often be new to the Pure organization and would only be used on large-scale operations.
Then, below them were the ranked. These agents were numbered from 20 to 100. These were special operative agents whose numbers were based on their position within the organization. The lower your rank was, the more powerful you were.
The third group was the higher ranked, going from 6 to 20. They were quite different compared to the other agents because they were mainly there due to their power. And then finally...
You had the final five. Some of these members were the original creators of Pure and also the strongest within the organization.
When Layla was first introduced to the ranking system, she found it weird. For a group that was so hellbent on outcasting hierarchy in society, it was strange for their group to have one.
But they always said that it was different because they all had the same goal in mind. It would only be this way for now until they achieved their goal, and then, they would get rid of the ranking system. By then, equipment, wealth, and resources would be distributed equally.
Layla started to remember the mock videos they showed her of what the world could be, and they always seemed so peaceful.
She was interrupted by a familiar voice while she was deep in her thoughts. 
"This is Agent 5 speaking, I hear you have some important news for me, Agent 83?" the voice said.
After hearing those words come out of her mouth, Layla was a little upset. She hadn't spoken to her mother in a while and the first thing she talked about was business. She didn't ask her how she was or how she was doing and didn't even say her name. But she had always been like this, and Layla was used to it by now.
Layla started to explain the details of what happened. How she acted on her own without informing Pure to protect her friends, going against Jack and what the situation currently was. Though she did miss out on a few details here and there, especially the parts where she had informed all of her friends who she was.
So far, she had only said she told Erin, someone, who she wanted to bring over to Pure about her real position.
"Has your position been compromised by anyone else in the school or personnel?" her mother asked.
"No, I have only informed Erin. Right now, they think she escaped on her own. They are looking for her and she has no ability, as well as nowhere to go. If you can, please help her."
"Don't worry," she replied. "We will do our best. Anyone who has been affected by Truedream will be accepted. We shall treat her well. However, you have gone against our code. Although you were not caught, you took action without asking for permission and you even went as far as to use our name."
"Your punishment will be decided when you come back to the base. For now, you shall be demoted from position 83 to position 100. Update me when you have the location Erin will be sent to. We will have someone on standby waiting."
"Oh, and one last thing. Layla, I am waiting for you. Soar through the ranks. Don't be disheartened and try to get into the upper level so we can meet more frequently. May Pure be with you."
"May Pure be with you."
As the call ended, Layla kept her head down. A demotion was quite a big punishment. It had taken Layla a long time to rise through the ranks and just like that, she was at the bottom, barely hanging onto the numbered positions.
When she was at the base, she rarely got to see her mother much. Her mother always told her, as long as she was loyal to Pure and the cause, eventually, she would rise to the ranks and have a seat next to her.
So far she had been as loyal as can be and followed everything in the book. But everything slightly changed when she met Quinn and the others. She started having fun and enjoyed her time at school.
Sure, there were bad people in the world, but not everyone abused their powers. There were those like Erin who didn't even understand the injustice and discrimination currently happening. Layla felt like they just needed to educate the world more.
She started questioning if Pure's forceful ways were the right thing to do, which is why she was hesitant about reporting Quinn and the others.
If there was a chance she could leave the organization without receiving a punishment, she might have even considered it. And now, thinking about it, she was about to send one of her best friends to such a place.
A place she no longer wanted to be a part of.
****

EP-213 Cursed weapons
Quinn and Vorden both wanted to ask him where he was planning to go, but they were too afraid to do so. All the while walking, Vorden would constantly look around. He still had his doubts and felt like, perhaps, they were being led right into the den of their enemies.
In the middle of their little stroll through the familiar pathways, another female, who they had seen a few times, met them.
"Sergeant Leo," Fay said. "Where are you heading to? Didn't you receive the message?" She asked.
"Sorry, I was busy training, and it seems that no one bothered to inform me. Is it something urgent?" He replied.
"There has been an update about the situation of the two students who ran away from their punishment. It appears that, somehow, Pure has already gotten their hands on both of them.
As the two boys listened in on the conversation, they snappily turned their heads to look at each other. Relief visited their consciousness since it must have meant that Logan had successfully sent the fake video over. The contents explained how members of Pure had already triumphantly retrieved Peter and Erin.
"I see," Leo replied. "So has the search party for them been called off?"
"Not quite. We, including a few other soldiers, have been called back for a meeting. Perhaps, it was to discuss the next course of action." As Fay finished her words, she spotted the two boys standing not too far away from Leo.
At first, she thought that they were just two students who were taking a walk around the school. But she quickly realized that they also halted their steps when Leo did.
The other thing that she noticed was, they weren't just any students. They were the first-year students who she had been seeing more than she would have liked to. Wherever these two went, it seemed like trouble was simply lurking in their shadows.
The moment Fay focused her attention on the two, Vorden realized the mistake that they had committed. Usually, he was good at this type of thing and would have carried on walking to not incur a suspension. The problem was he and Quinn had both gotten caught up on what Fay had to say.
"I don't know if you're aware of this Leo, but there seem to be two first-year students following closely behind you," Fay said, further narrowing her gaze that was on Vorden and Quinn.
"I may be blind, but I do know when I'm being trailed," Leo replied. "They are here to help me move a few things from my storage room. I promise I will go to the meeting room as soon as I'm done."
If it was anyone else, Fay would have complained, suggesting that as a sergeant, they were neglecting their duty. If the general asked them to be present, then they needed to be immediate. However, Leo had some leeway when it came to the other sergeants.
This was because they were aware of the fact that they wanted him, and it wasn't the other way around.
"I will let them know that you will be a little late then," Fay said as she gave a salute before she took her to leave.
'I wonder when the two of them managed to get close to Leo?' A lingering thought registered in her mind.
She made it a point to look over their files, once she had returned to her office. She felt that something was amiss regarding the set-up.
On the other hand, Leo stopped in his tracks, prompting the students to do the same. They had reached an area in the school that they had never been to before. It was located around the back of the teleport area, and to access it, a special code should be entered on a panel that served as the lock.
Again, Vorden was amazed at how well Leo was able to navigate the entire place. He couldn't help but think, it had to have something to do with his ability. His curiosity was getting the better of him as a strange urge to touch Leo arose in him, but the opportunity didn't arrive.
When they entered the special building, they noticed that it was full of rooms that housed an eerie ambiance. They were all barricaded with metal doors that had numbers painted on their facade.
"This area is dedicated to the soldiers' storage room. When we moved here, we were allowed to bring our personal belongings." Leo explained.
They walked for a few seconds, eventually stopping right before the door that had the number "12" painted on it. There is a security device that made sure that the only one who had access to this room was him, unlike the other codes utilized on the previous doors. Placing his hand on top of the access panel, it soon allowed Leo inside.
When the storage unit opened, both Quinn and Vorden were amazed at what was inside. Some weapons were displayed on all sides of the room. In the center, there was something that looked similar to a boxing ring. There was a wooden doll, similar to the size of an average adult human being, holding a wooden sword.
The whole place looked like any other weapons hall.
"Are all these yours?" Quinn asked.
"No, they once belonged to me and my friends. I just inherited them." Leo said with a melancholic tone in his voice as he continued to walk towards the back of the storage room.
The two boys waited at the back while Leo went to search for something. While bidding for their time, they couldn't help but look at the weapons surrounding them.
[Inspect]
Looking at the items, Quinn was curious to see what level they were at, and to his surprise, the first random weapon he looked at in the room was at the advanced tier level - It was a short little dagger.
Quinn continued his inspection of the weapons. He noticed that most of them were high class and were classified as beast equipment. He couldn't even imagine how much the whole thing would cost.
It turned out that Quinn wasn't the only one, who noticed the equipment around them was mostly high gears, as Vorden did too. "Hey, if you're not going to use these things, do you mind if I keep them?"
Just then, Leo came out from the back, holding a fairly large circular device - It was almost the same size as his upper body. He placed it in front of the two students, making a loud sound as it hit the floor.
"I'm afraid that all of these weapons are cursed," Leo said. "Their users died with too much resentment and those emotions stayed in their weapons."
Subsequently, Leo placed his hand on his very own weapon.
"You didn't have to make up some lie if you didn't want to give it to me." Vorden cheekily replied.
"Sometimes, our very own eyesight blinds us," Leo explained. "Having no sight has allowed me to see more things than I have ever seen before. If only you could see the things I could see, perhaps, you would begin to understand a little."
As soon as Leo spoke those words, Vorden was interested. 
“The sight he was referring to probably had something to do with his ability,” Vorden thought.
"Oh," Vorden replied. "If you're talking about your ability, is there a way you can show me? I can copy and use other people's abilities. All I need to do is to touch their hand."
Quinn was a little afraid about how Leo would react. He could tell that Vorden was pushing it a little too far, but surprisingly, Leo laughed at this.
"Ha, ha, if you wish to, then go ahead," Leo said as he held out his hand. At the same time, a strange smile appeared on his face. With that, the pressure Vorden felt before was back.
****

EP-214 A new world
With experience, Leo knew it wasn't; a good idea to have contact with someone's ability you didn't know. Certain abilities had conditions that needed to be set before using them. This was called a cost.
Cost abilities were usually stronger than regular abilities but there were only a few that the public could obtain. Two examples of cost abilities were Vorden's where he needed to touch a user's bare skin before being able to use their power and Jack's who could only absorb their power through the user's mouth.
Cost abilities were quite rare and were still being discovered today. Sometimes families pass down ancient scripts, which their ancestors knew nothing about but practiced out of tradition. Only to find out later that there was a cost involved in unlocking their ability.
Many people assumed this happened to Truedream too. In a world without abilities, Jack would have never discovered his very own ability.
Vorden looked at Leo's hand once again and this time with slight hesitation.
'Just do it.' Raten complained. 'Do you have to be so careful about everything you do'
With Raten speaking his mind like the little devil on his shoulder, he eventually took the plunge and shook Leo's hand.
Vorden could feel an insurgence of new energy inside his body. The cells in his body were finally changing, it was the strongest force he had ever felt enter his body before. Even when touching the hand of Berg, a member of the big four and a level eight user he had never felt this type of energy before.
Finally, the two of them let go.
"Well?" Leo asked. "Do you see what I see?"
Vorden activated the ability and his whole vision went black. He could no longer see using his regular eyesight. Instead, the walls and floor appeared like wireframes that were constantly moving. As if the ground and the walls around were alive.
When he looked at his hand, he could see the flow of yellow energy appearing off his own body. He turned his head and looked at Quinn who was giving off a different color. A dark purple hue, which burned brightly.
Vorden now understood why Leo was able to tell that Quinn was different, it was the colors of energy. Finally though when he looked at Leo the largest shock came to him. Leo's flame was yellow just like Vorden's.
However, there was a big difference between the two. The flow of energy-burning was much more intense and it seemed to be at least four times bigger than his own.
'But how?' Vorden thought. It didn't make sense to Vorden. Using his ability not only did he copy the ability but also the number of mutant cells in their body. Even if Leo's ability was beyond that of level eight of the military scale, Vorden should have still been able to copy it.
But looking at his aura and looking at Leo's, there was a big difference and he didn't know why.
Then, Vorden started to notice something else. The sword around his waist was also burning a bright red color and the energy coming off from it, was nearly just as strong as Leo himself.
While Vorden was looking at Leo, he pointed towards the weapons on the wall. As he turned his head he noticed that all the weapons hung up were burning with a bright red color too.
"Is this normal for beast weapons?" Vorden asked.
"It seems like you really can see what I can see." A regular beast weapon does not shine. As I said before these are different." Leo explained.
"And what about you?" Vorden asked. "Why are you…"
Just before Vorden could ask his question Leo immediately suppressed the yellow aura around his body and brought it down to the same level as Vorden.
Seeing this action, Vorden knew Leo was telling him not to ask about it, and it was clear he had done it on purpose for some other reason.
Leo then tapped the large metallic circular object.
"This here is a portable teleportation device, it's an old one but it still works. As you know these are a one-time use thing. It will allow you to go to a destination, but not come back." Leo explained. "The location of this device is set to a planet called Lintarnia, it's a green portal planet that I once came from so it should be safe."
"There is one problem though," said Leo. "As you can see it's very big and heavy. There is no way to move this without being suspicious or being seen by anyone else. This is as much as I can help you."
Quinn then walked up to the device and tried lifting the thing, it was indeed heavy, and would most likely take the two of them to carry it back to Logan's room.
"We could bring, Erin over to the portal?" Vorden suggested. Although it would be risky taking her out of Logan's room with all the people around."
As Vorden made his suggestion an idea suddenly popped into Quinn's head.
He touched the shadow just underneath the large metallic object.
[Dimensional space]
The shadow underneath the object grew and when it encased the whole thing, it eventually dropped down, as if the object was sucked into a black hole.
"That solves the problem," Quinn said.
With the dimensional space, as long as the object wasn't of living matter, he was able to take it with him and take it out whenever he liked. So it was perfect for this type of situation.
"I wish you two good luck," Leo said. "It's best if we don't communicate with each other often other than our classes."
As the two boys ran off, Leo looked at the back of the two of them. "The future ahead will be dark for you two, but it seems you will be strong enough to overcome it."
Back at Logan's room, Layla had arrived before the two boys did. It didn't seem like Logan's room was inspected, also Peter hadn't gone on an outrage which was the first piece of good news all day.
Instead, Peter was carefully reading the files on the new students to identify who he was meant to take over. He needed to get his birthdate and background details perfect in case he was asked or if he ever needed to fill out forms for the school.
While waiting, eventually the two boys finally arrive. "Looks like we did it," Quinn said.
The circular portal was set up in Logan's room while Layla sent a message with details about which planet Erin would be in, for an agent of Pure to pick her up. Once Layla received a confirmation back, it was finally time for them to say their goodbyes.
Logan tapped a few buttons on the side of the circular machine and two claw-like objects opened up from the side. A few moments later, a green-colored round fuzz of energy was produced. The portal was activated.
Before stepping into it she looked back at everyone in the room. "I know you losers will still do well without me, become the best and keep my top place warm for me when I return." She said with a smile.
Looking at Erin's smile, their hearts started to melt a little. It was the first time they had ever seen Erin smile and it was beautiful. She was already a beauty but the smile was the icing on top of the cake.
The one that seemed to be upset about the whole thing though was Layla. Tears wouldn't stop falling down her face as she was truly losing a good friend.
"Remember, if there is any problem and you need to contact us. Use the watch!" Logan shouted.
With those last words said, Erin stepped into the portal experiencing a whole new world.
'Please don't let anything bad happen to her.' Layla thought.
*****

EP-215 Peaceful plane
It was unusual for a shelter because usually, they would publicly declare who they were protected by to avoid any confrontation with other groups but not this one.
The shelter was surrounded by hilltops and long green fields and it seemed like the area was completely void of beasts. Standing by one of the portal entrances was a young man who was tapping his foot on the ground.
As he was waiting he watched the children and families happily play with each other on the street, while others were even swimming in the river.
"So peaceful." The young man said. "They can live their lives out here all happy, but they're unaware of what is happening back on earth, and the other planets. Everyone should deserve something like this. Not just you guys."
A strange sound was heard by his side, when he turned his head, he could see the space next to him became distorted. Warping in and out, suddenly, a bright white circular portal appeared, a snow white-skinned female with blond hair dropped out of it.
She braced herself gently as she landed on the floor but for a few moments remained completely still. Little drops of water hit the floor and finally when they stopped, she lifted her head and wiped her face with the sleeve of her arm.
The man walked up to the woman and looked her up and down before saying anything. She was wearing the school uniform as described to him by agent 100.
"An angel flies high in the sky." the young man said.
"And has its wings torn down and falls to the ground," Erin replied. Before leaving, Layla had informed her, if someone was to approach her they would speak a certain phrase. This was a code so agents could tell who was who between each other.
"Looks like you're the right one, follow me." She followed the young man for a while as they walked through the shelter.
While looking around she noticed how calm and peaceful the place looked. It was different from other shelters, but it also reminded her of the shelter her family protected when she was younger before the Dalki attacked.
'If I remember right, the others borrowed this from Sergeant Leo, maybe this is where he used to live?' She thought.
The young man led her out of the shelter. Before stepping out Erin turned and took one last look at the peaceful place. A thought crossed her mind that maybe she could run away and stay here. It might be a better option than going to Pure.
But then looking at the peaceful town, images appeared in her head of the houses on fire, the buildings destroyed. She suddenly remembered why she wanted to get stronger in the first place. For something like that to never happen in her presence ever again.
If Pure was helping her, for now, she would comply. There was always the option of contacting Logan and the others in the future with the wristwatch.
Looking at the boy she noticed that he wore quite a decent level beast gear. On his back was a single long sword, the hilt was black as a scale but was as wide as his shoulders. Just by looking she could tell, the thing would be heavy and a regular human wouldn't be able to wield such a large sword.
He also wore metal-plated armor that seemed to mix in beast parts here and there. Such as blue fins near the shoulder pads, and scaled parts over the shin part of his legs.
Finally, they had reached the top of the hill. From the top, they were still able to see the river flowing through the valley and the shelter just from the other side.
"This should be far enough." the young man said standing near the edge of the clifftop. The man started to walk around as if he was looking for something on the floor until eventually a ping sound was heard. "Here it is."
The man started to dig down at the spot with his bare hands. Although he was tearing pieces of the ground away, he made it look like he was just shifting piles of sand away.
"Hey pretty lady, are you just going to stand there, or are you going to help me?" The man asked.
Erin looked at the floor where the man was digging and then looked at his hands which were covered with dirt. At least he was wearing a pair of gloves, but, the only thing she managed to bring with her was her sword that always stayed around her waist.
Unwillingly, she took a step forward, although she didn't want to get dirt on her hands she thought it would be best if she made a good impression with the people she would be staying with for a couple of years.
Just as she moved forward, a loud screeching sound could be heard in the air. At first, it looked like a small little black dot in the sky, but it got bigger, and eventually, Erin had a clear view of what it was.
"Watch out!" she shouted. "It's a beast." While seeing how peaceful the town was, she had forgotten about the fact that this still wasn't earth. Dangerous beasts lived on these planets.
The young man turned and slowly drew out his large sword as if what was happening was somehow annoying to him.
Suddenly, the beast stopped its descent and spread its wings wide open, hovering by the clifftop in front of the young man
The beast looked like a large butterfly and was the same size as a regular human. Its wings had beautiful rounded patterns. But as beautiful as its wings were, the same couldn't be said for its head.
It had too many eyes to count and razor-sharp teeth, with what looked like foam, coming out of its mouth.
"Will you please just let me go home!" The young man shouted and at the same time, the butterfly beast dashed forward.
Erin immediately went to cast an ice spike from below hoping to hit the beast, but that's when she sadly realized that she no longer had her powers.
It marched forward and the young man lifted the sword just at the right time. Pushed it down like a pin right on top of its head. Its wings had stopped in an instant and the beast was dead.
"Can you at least get the crystal?" the man asked. "It's located in the lower half of its body."
While Erin went to carve out the beast's crystal, the man continued to dig in the location. Just as she wiped the black blood of the beast away using the grass on the ground, she noticed it was slightly clear in color.
"What is this?" She said in shock. The clearer the outer shell of the crystal surrounding the energy inside, it meant the higher the tier of crystal. Right now what Erin held in her hands was a crystal with its first outer shell clear.
Which meant it was at least an intermediate-tier beast. And the young man was able to kill it using no abilities and only beast weapons. Erin was starting to see the Pure organization in a slightly different light right now.
Finally, the man had stopped digging and pulled out a large circular metallic device. Straight away Erin knew what it was because it was similar to the one she had used to arrive on this planet.
After pressing a few buttons on the side the portal opened up.
"Well, are you ready to meet your new home?" He asked.
Before she wasn't so keen, but after seeing the young man's actions, she now stepped forward willingly.
Before they entered the portal though the man stopped her. "Take off the watch," he said.
"This, if you're worried about the school tracking me, they won't be able to, your member disabled it." Erin tried to explain.
The man then forcefully grabbed her wrist and snapped the watch off, Before throwing it onto the ground. "You're about to head into the Pure's base. We can't and won't take any chances."
After that, he pulled Erin into the portal and the two of them disappeared out of sight.
****

EP-216 Unusual friendship
The base was now treating it as a secondary objective, rather than a full-on search. Because of this, each member felt like a huge weight was lifted off their shoulders. However, Layla felt like a new one was put on hers.
There was only one problem left to solve right now and that was Peter. The group had decided they would continue to hide Peter inside Logan's room. It wasn't the right time to reveal him. The tension was still a little high.
While he stayed in Logan's room it would also give him time to practice the details of the student he was pretending to be.
Before leaving Logan's room Quinn made a cut on his hand and fed some of his blood to Peter and commanded him not to attack Logan. He would need to do this every night until Peter was able to use the disguise. This meant right now it was night, the others had left and the only ones in the room were both Logan and Peter.
Despite their situation, Logan simply continued his normal routine in the night. He was at his workbench using strange tools as he messed around with his gadgets. This continued for a few hours.
"Where did I put that cogwheel?" Logan asked himself as he surveyed around the room but couldn't find anything. As he swiveled around in his chair, he noticed that Peter was standing in the same spot and wasn't moving.
"Do you not need to sleep?" Logan asked.
Peter replied just by shaking his head.
"Well, I don't sleep much either." He shrugged and then motioned to him, "Hey, do you mind passing me that cogwheel shape by your side?"
Peter looked around for it and handed over the strange device that Logan had asked him for. Without saying anything else, Logan continued to work on his new invention.
"Pass me the green glowing circular orb." He asked.
"The one on your left, that spinning spikey thing…." Logan asked once more, "And that upside down looking U… now that beast crystal to your right.." He continued to ask for different tools and Peter did as he asked. He handed them to him.
"Finally finished!" Logan said and turned to Peter. "You were a great help, you didn't ask me any questions and didn't keep me distracted from my work, Peter. Now it's my turn to help you."
Logan opened up the files which displayed information about the student named Pio Blank on the screen. While the file was open, Logan would ask a series of questions, to which Peter would answer. They continued this until Peter could remember every detail about Pio blank by heart.
The speed at which Peter memorized everything impressed Logan. It was like his memory was picture-perfect.
"Do you mind doing me another favor?" Logan asked with a small smile on his face.
Peter hopped into the VR machine. Logan would communicate with him while he was connected. Right now, Logan wanted to see Peter’s capabilities and strengths. 
Logan asked Peter to do a series of things, such as run as fast as he could, throw a punch as hard as he could, as well as dodge a bunch of incoming objects that were thrown at him inside the simulation.
Eventually with all the stats recorded Logan had something else he wanted to try.
"Peter, behind you a pair of weapons will appear. Use them however you wish against the NPC enemies."
Suddenly, a pair of short blades appeared on the ground behind him, and at the same time, 8 different men all in a solid black color appeared. They didn't look like humans but like blobs of Ink instead.
These were the NPCs that Logan had created to practice his fighting skills and weren't part of the game he created.
Using the two weapons and Peter's speed he was able to deal with most of the enemies with ease, and Logan was impressed. Right now both his strength and speed were nearly four times the level of an average human.
Logan continued these sets of tests and each time he would drop in a different weapon for Peter to use against the enemies. Right now, Logan had set the game to allow his body to react as it would do in real life and what was more amazing than anything was the fact that Peter never seemed to get tired.
He was able to fight just as well as he did from the start of the game to the end. Peter while going through the entire process was having fun. On the outside, he hadn't been able to test his strength. He was able to use it freely, for the first time.
Even if he was being used by Logan for his purposes he didn't mind. The relationship between them was mostly, give and take.
Finally, the simulation had ended and Peter exited the pod. After gathering all of Peter's stats Logan concluded that Peter would make a great spy or assassin.
He performed best with the short duel blades while using the weapons. He also never got tired and could run at great speeds. He also had a nearly perfect memory. And lastly, he also knew that they had the ability of transformation. Being able to disguise himself as anyone he wanted.
It was a shame that Peter was already on Quinn's team. If the case had been any different then Logan would have loved to have invited him, for his very own portal outing.
While Logan was deep in thought he heard a knock on the door and to his utter surprise, it was Quinn and Fex.
"What are you two doing back here so soon?" Logan asked.
"What are you talking about?" Quinn replied.
Logan quickly rushed to his computer to check the time. It was already the next day in the afternoon. Classes for the school day had already ended and Fex along with Quinn had come to check up on Peter, as well as another reason.
Without realizing it, Logan had been up the whole day with Peter.
"What can I do for you?" Logan muttered as he rubbed his bloodshot red eyes.
"You can sleep if you want?" Quinn asked.
"Yeah, you look nearly as dead as Peter," Fex added with a chuckle.
"Well, I can decide that once you two let me know what you need. If you are here for Peter, I and him are doing great."
"Actually," Quinn replied. "I was hoping we could use your VR capsule. I wanted you to add Fex's ability to the game for us."
Now that everything had calmed down, Fex was finally able to keep well on his promise. He was planning to show Quinn how to fight the vampire way.
****

EP-217 Vampire Basics
At the time, Quinn didn't trust Fex too much. So he came up with the idea of allowing Logan to record Fex's ability, and upload it to the game's private server. This way Fex would not be able to control Quinn's body and make him attack his friends, but he could use the ability inside the game to teach Quinn how to fight.
At this point, the two of them had gotten a little closer, and Quinn felt that even if they were to do this outside of the game, Fex would bring no harm to his friends. There were multiple opportunities when Fex could have done this, but he always chose not to and had helped them out greatly.
Of course, Quinn was still a little bit cautious, since he didn't even know Fex's reason for being at the school. Another reason was that, if they were to practice in the game it would be away from the prying eyes.
After hearing what Quinn wanted to do, Logan's eyes filled with a strange energy. 
"I suppose I still have some energy left in me," Logan said as he quickly hopped onto his computer. "Go on then Quinn, you've done this before, show him what to do."
Just like Quinn had done before, Fex was placed into the fairly large glass tube, he was then told to use his ability in different ways while the tube and computer would record how his ability worked.
Watching from the outside, Quinn felt like it was strange how the tube and computer were able to accurately replicate the abilities in the game. The other thing that impressed him was the fact that Logan wasn't typing anything into his computer at all.
He just had his hand pressed up against it, while this was happening, thousands of lines of code were being written. Quinn had seen Logan's ability a few times now and had seen it use in quite versatile ways, so he had concluded what it might be.
The ability to communicate with machines, or more precisely give life to machines.
When Quinn was last in his room, he used the inspection skill on a couple of items, that Quinn thought he should have been able to use, but when he picked them up there was no reaction, nothing at all, and it seemed like the machine was broken.
But without saying anything Logan would touch the machine, it would light up and work once again. If his ability was able to give life to the gadgets that he created, it was the perfect ability for Logan.
With anyone else, it would be pretty useless, apart from bypassing doors and such. But for Logan it allowed him to use his ability in so many different ways, just like he was doing with the games, and with the little spiders, they saw being used multiple times.
"And we are done," Logan said as he opened his eyes and let go of the computer.
"How will we play?" Quinn axed. "There's only one VR machine."
"I thought of that beforehand," Logan said as he threw two very small square-looking nano sticks in the air. Both Quinn and Fex caught them with ease by swiping their hands in the air.
"Usually if you try putting anything into the VR capsules it will just reject them for security reasons, but those have been blessed by me," Logan explained. "Just head to the back and pop them in, after that, when you log into the VR capsule, it will give you the option of which server to connect to. I've put both the shadow and string ability into the private server for you to use. Now get out of here, and go play your little game."
Before leaving the room, Quinn gave a few drops of blood to Peter and repeated the same command as before. Although Logan felt like there was no reason for the two of them to get into a fight, still he didn't know if Peter's violent nature was being suppressed by Quinn's blood or not.
As soon as the two boys left the room, Logan almost collapsed on his bed. He didn't sleep much but every so often he would be burnt out.
Peter looked at Logan in the room, before looking at the VR capsule again.
"Do you mind if I use the VR capsule?" Peter asked.
But Logan was already asleep.
"Whatever, it's just a game," Peter said as he climbed into the machine.
[Logging in online]
[Please create your user ID]
Quinn and Fex were now in the game's white lobby room. They had done as Logan instructed. And just like he said when they went to log into the game, it gave them the option to connect to the normal servers, or the private server Logan had created.
Right now they were in the private server. Fex was currently testing out his string ability and he was amazed at how lifelike it felt. There were a few things that he wasn't able to do with the strings that he could do on the outside, but that was mainly when he tried combining some of his vampire skills with his abilities.
After testing out his strings for a while he was finally ready.
"Okay, so the idea is, I will control your body using the strings. Now what you need to do is focus on the feeling of each movement. Every sequence of moves starts somewhere and ends somewhere. You need to put these things together like building blocks. Rather than me showing it to you, this is the best way I can teach you because your body experiences it along with your muscles." Fex explained. "So are you ready?"
Quinn was ready this time, within the game, there was no chance for him to be hurt. He stood with his back, facing towards Fex, and had his arms and legs spread out to make it easier for him.
Just like he did with Erin, Fex walked up to Quinn and inserted twelve different pieces of string into twelve different parts of his body. Unlike the real world though, there was no pain involved.
Fex did a few simple tests first moving his body around. It felt unnatural to Quinn as he wanted to fight it, and he had the strength to resist it a little. Unlike Erin who was limited by her regular human strength, it was easy for Fex to force her to do what he wanted.
"Calm down! Will you?" Fex complained. "For this to work, you need to be in a sleep-like state. That way I can use your body how I like. You just need to pay attention with your mind."
Quinn closed his eyes and tried relaxing his body, it took a while for him to allow his whole body to go limp as he was afraid he would fall over if he did, but suddenly when he did, he felt a jolt in his legs.
He didn't fall over but instead, Fex had taken control of his legs. After getting past the weird feeling, the rest was now easy for Fex. He went ahead and did the same set of punches he did every day while he was training at school.
Of course, there was a lot more to martial arts than just learning how to do the moves. It was important to know when to use them, what moves countered what, and so on. But at least it would allow Quinn to progress quicker.
Quinn concentrated hard as Fex demonstrated the moves using his body. As his arms flew out from different angles, they were fast and stiff. At the same time, his body was always in a position where he could see an oncoming attack while being able to block using his shoulder.
After the set of punches was demonstrated to Quinn, Fex disconnected the strings and allowed him to practice them. Quinn was feeling fresh so he didn't want to waste any time and started performing them.
Quinn tried to combine the feeling of the punches, together with his muscle memory from being controlled by Fex, and it seemed to be working out well for him.
Fex watched Quinn carefully as each move was performed nearly perfectly to how they were shown.
"Looks like we have a fast learner," Fex said. Although the string method was able to help someone progress faster it couldn't help them completely. In the end, it was down to the person.
With Erin, she too had tried performing the moves nearly instantly but not once was she successful, but here, it seemed like something had connected Quinn.
'Quinn, am I just making my enemy stronger, or am I making a powerful friend in the future.' Fex thought
As Quinn didn't want to let go of this feeling, he continued to practice the punches Fex had taught him, he was slowly perfecting them.
Then all of a sudden he heard a DING from the system.
*****

EP-218 Zombie
[New tutorial videos available]
The usual sound appeared which indicated that Quinn was able to unlock something from the system. As he practiced the moves, he felt something strange happen. It was as if his body was still being guided by the strings, but it wasn’t. The memory was so fresh in his head that his body was moving on its own and after the last movement, the message had appeared.
'Basic arts?' Quinn read. 'Does this means there are stronger vampire martial arts out there? Maybe Fex only taught me the basics on purpose, or maybe he only knows the basics?'
The second message was what interested Quinn more. The last time, he had watched the tutorial videos, they helped him out greatly. Teaching him the flash step and the Hammer strike. The second tutorial video taught him how to combine moves. This time, the tutorial was unlocked when Quinn had learned the vampire martial arts so perhaps there was a tutorial skill related to it.
He quickly glanced over at Fex and chose not to watch the videos right now. Quinn was playing the complete beginner act when it came to vampire arts. If he was to demonstrate a skill that hadn't been taught then it would only raise suspicion.
"I think I got the basics down," Quinn said. "Is there anything else besides this?"
Fex looked at Quinn again, still mesmerized by how quickly he had learned the fighting style. This was something he did day in and out as a child and amongst others, and even then he was considered a genius. But if he was a genius then what did that make Quinn, who had learned it in a few hours.
Fex thought, maybe Quinn already knew the arts and was lying for some reason, but thinking back to their first fight it seemed impossible. He would have to be a first-class actor to fake punches that bad and then do the same again while fighting against the teacher Leo.
"Yes," Fex replied. "These are only the basics, I can perform at a level above what I showed you obviously, but I honestly wouldn't be good enough to teach them to you. If you want to learn some more you're better off getting a real teacher to show you."
Part of what Fex had just said was a lie. It was true he most likely couldn't teach Quinn. He tried that once before and his explanations weren't the best. Still, whatever Fex could do with his own body he could do, using someone like a puppet. Even slightly better. There was a small fear inside Fex that if he kept teaching Quinn, he had to teach him the advanced vampire martial arts. Looking at Quinn’s learning capability he might defeat Fex easily. And Fex didn’t know how to react to that.
While the two of them were busy practicing inside the private server, they were unaware of what was happening elsewhere in the game.
[ZombieP Winner]
"So is it another hacker, this game has been going downhill these days." Someone watching the match had said.
"But that's his fifteenth win in a row. Surely the admins would have found out about him by now?"
"I think he has a really good regenerative ability no? I mean it's in his name."
"Well, then how do you explain the extra strength or the crazy speed he has, it doesn't look like he's wearing any beast gear to me."
A few people up in the crowd were currently watching a particular student play the VR game. Each of them had lost the matches but found the fights a little strange so they opted to watch the next few games.
But as they watched each game the same strange thing continued to happen.
[New match has been found]
A new game had started and once again the student they had their eye on, was going up against a level three telekinesis user. The telekinesis user had several black balls attached around his chest while his opponent had no weapons at all.
Standing on the opposite side was Peter. He didn't look like his usual self as he was slightly disguised by the avatar. Although he selected a pretty basic default design that had a randomly generated face with a few scraps of clothing.
The fight had begun, Peter rushed forward. At the same time, the telekinesis user threw out the metallic balls using his ability to speed them up.
Peter, however, was fast and was able to dodge most of the incoming attacks, and the few that he couldn't, he knocked away with his hand.
However, the opponent was strong and there were too many metallic balls floating in the air for Peter to dodge. When it came to fighting, Peter wasn't exactly the most skillful person.
Eventually, one of the metallic balls came at great speed and managed to hit Peter in the center of his shin, smashing and breaking it in half, causing him to fall to the ground.
The others could feel the pain just from watching Peter. Although the game only replicated a small amount of pain back to the user they could imagine it must have hurt a lot.
The Telekinesis user calmly walked over to Peter thinking it was all over. He had taken out one of his opponent's legs, and no movement would mean the end.
However, the others watching from the stand knew it wasn't the end for Peter. They had all thought the same thing while fighting against Peter. Suddenly, after a few moments, Peter was able to stand up again, as if the attack had never hit his leg in the first place.
He immediately ran towards his opponent. He was caught off guard and in a panic tried to fire all the metallic balls right at Peter. But his speed was impressive. Peter dodged the balls and even though they were now chasing him, he was faster than the balls.
Eventually, when he was close enough, Peter pounced on top of his opponent and widely swung his fists towards his head. There was no class and no style with Peter's attacks, it was like one of a wild animal.
[Winner ZombieP]
Each of the opponents Peter had gone against had witnessed his impressive regenerative abilities. It was that of a high-level ability user. Still, some people were suspicious since Peter also seemed to have impressive strength and speed on top of his healing powers.
As the game had ended just outside the VR pod, Logan was finally waking up from his nap. As he slowly opened his eyes and looked around the room he noticed that Peter wasn't there. Upon closer inspection of the room, he noticed that the VR pod indicator light was on, showing that someone was currently using the game.
"Peter!" Logan said as he rushed over to the computer and immediately logged in. It was as he thought, Peter had not logged into the private server to play, but instead had logged into the military servers.
Quickly, Logan brought up a log of Peter's past games hoping he hadn't done anything to stand out. After watching the highlights of Peter's last game a slight smile appeared on his face.
He too was currently witnessing the amazing regenerative abilities that he possessed. While joining the games Peter hadn't selected any abilities. Which meant the VR pod was able to record how Peter's body would react to such things in real life.
Just like with Quinn. Because his body was able to perform the vampire abilities, the game allowed him to do it. Rather than it being a part of his ability. Right now, the same thing had happened to Peter.
"These vampires are more interesting than I thought," Logan said, still there was now another problem on Logan's hands.
He had already received a few emails from admins, asking to look into the user ID of ZombieP. Making sure it wasn't a hacked player. Since there had been a few complaints made online.
"I guess your fame online will be a short one Peter. The world cannot learn of you just yet."
With that, Logan forcefully disconnected, Peter from the online world.
However, it was a little too late as some of Peter's amazing regenerative power videos had already been spread online.
Meanwhile, in another military base, a certain group of boys had also managed to watch the videos that had been posted.
"Did you see?" Sam asked.
"Yeah, looks like there will be a lot of interesting people at the Inter-military base event," Nate replied with a big smile.
*****

EP-219 Hitting the limit
They often went to other planets to support the base military in their endeavors. However, as of the moment, the second-year students were to remain at their bases for the time being, under the upcoming Inter-base military event.
It was an event that required all of the eight military bases to enter - It was a competition among the bases. The events varied from certain activities and games, to straight out fighting. The military bases would compete to see who had raised the best and strongest students. Moreover, the leaders and generals would often be rewarded greatly according to the acquired results.
The event was important for the military bases and their leaders since they would often get more funding and privileges based on the performance, shown during their participation.
Because of this, the second-year students, who were the main focus of the events, were practicing. This was for the reason that the second-year students often had more time to cultivate their abilities to higher levels, they were able to obtain more beast gear equipment, and were more experience overall.
It was very rare for first-years to compete in some of the minor events, as most of the slots for each activity would usually be taken up by a second-year student. Still, there were some cases when a first-year user might be suited for a particular activity.
An example of this would be the ‘hack-the-vault challenge’. In this tournament, the team would have to make their way, through numerous security devices and sentinel, successfully making their way to the vault right at the end of the course. This didn't solely require strength, but rather, a set of particular skills.
The two of them were in the room - Sam was reading a level 6 ability book that was placed on the floor. Meanwhile, Nate observed his companion.
Sam had his eyes closed for a while now, meditating. All the while energy was flowing inside his body, he was trying the techniques that were written down in the book. The power began to rise from the pit of his stomach, but soon after, it became painful.
All of a sudden, a burning sensation arose in his chest, promptly stopping him from what he was doing.
"Don't push yourself, Sam. This might be your limit." Nate said.
Sam looked at his friend's wristwatch which was now displaying the number 7. Nate had grown so much stronger and Sam was always behind him, so he wanted to catch up. Sam had done well in increasing his ability from level 4 to 5. He had saved up enough money to buy a level 6 wind ability book.
Nevertheless, the problem that he had right now tortured many. Hence, he had reached his limit not long after. Just because one had a high-level ability book, it didn't entail their eligibility to learn it. Usually, humans have varying anatomy, mainly on the aspect that every one of their bodies produces different amounts of MC cells.
The burning ache that Sam felt in his heart meant that he had reached his limit. Thus, pushing his body any further could be dangerous.
Sam knew what this sensation meant, as it conveyed the state of his body. However, he still wanted to pursue the matter, even supposing that after several attempts, it seemed like his efforts were useless. He had abused the extent of strain that his body could bear.
Though, it wasn't a complete loss since he could still sell the book to others who would need it. However, optimistic Sam was regarding the issue, Nate could see that his friend was depressed.
"Don't worry too much. There are plenty of people out there who are strong even without the use of abilities. Look at that Pure group for example." Nate said with a cheery tone in his voice, trying to ease Sam’s worries. "All we need to do is get you some good beast gear that suits your ability. Also, we can always work on your skills."
Sam could tell that Nate was trying to cheer him up, so he didn't want to stay too depressed in front of him for too long. If there was one thing that could make him feel better, it was bringing his friend back down to his level.
"So, about that new teacher, it seems like she's been picking on you during classes lately," Sam said, giggling away like a high-school girl.
Nate's face had gone bright red at this point as he started to remember the small banter that he and Silver had. "That teacher is bonkers. She already made fun of my head, but she refuses to call me by my name and calls me blockhead all the time. I even decided to shave the corners of my beautiful hair because of her."
"I also heard about how one of the other teachers confessed to her. The next day, he came into school with a black eye," Sam replied as he looked at his friend's new haircut. "I always wondered why you purposely matched up to your hair with your face's jawline. I think this rounded look is a lot better for you," Sam replied.
"You mean it?" Nate said as he enthusiastically grabbed Sam's hands. "I haven't seen her today, so maybe she will like this new haircut of mine as well.
"You poor soul," Sam said while shaking his head. "You don't even realize you're already in too deep."
"I wonder where she is?" Nate said, looking around the room.
Meanwhile, inside the school's IT room, Silver was currently standing above one of the school's staff members. The reflection from the screen displayed that his eyes had a slight red tint to them, meaning that he was under Silver's control.
Right now, she was searching for the school files regarding a student named Fex. So far, there were no results. It was expected, especially since, if she was in Fex's shoes, she would have never used her real name in the human world. Still, she would try it even if there was a slim chance.
After searching the military base's school files, she asked the man to check the other military bases one by one, and to her surprise, she did get a hint about his existence.
"Oh, you stupid little boy." Silver said out loud. The file was found and it seemed like Fex had used his real name. The reason why she was unable to find him so far was because, he was located at military base two.
Although this was good news for her, it wasn't long until the Inter-base military event and she would be able to make her move to bring Fex home.
"Hopefully, you haven't caused too much trouble yet."
*****

EP-220 Confronting Layla
If it wasn't something like that, then Vorden would be racking up his head, trying to figure out how to get out of a tough situation. It was as if he liked to keep his mind busy. If he was left on his own accord, there were only two people who he could talk to. Although, they seemed to be a bad influence on him.
As of the moment, the uninteresting occurrences were transpiring.
"Hey, do you think we can trust her?!" Raten shouted as he asked. "We knew something was up and it looks like we were right, working for Pure. Who knows what she's already told them."
"They could be after Quinn," Sil said while continuing to rock back and forth.
"Guys, will you all just calm down!" Vorden hollered, annoyed by his companions' complaints. "Sil, I know you're worried, but if Layla has done something, I think Pure would have done something by now. Yet, no harm has come to him."
With these words, Sil gradually slowed down the motion he had been doing. This was a sign that Sil was starting to calm down a little. Now, Vorden needed to deal with another person. The more riled up Raten got, it would affect Sil to a similar level.
Vorden's aim was always to keep Sil as calm as possible at any point in time. Sil can remove anyone from the chair, if he wished to.
Vorden always feared this -- Although he wanted the best for Sil, if Sil ever did remain on the chair, what did that mean for both him and Raten?
"What about the next portal outing?" Raten queried. "What if she plans to make her next move then? We need to find her real goal. Actually… scratch that. No risks, just off with her we go."
"Fine," Vorden replied, giving in to the idea. He knew firsthand that if he didn't do something, Raten would continue down this path, and eventually, he would get Sil worried. "Then, I will go talk to Layla."
A few moments passed, Vorden could be seen walking around the school aimlessly, searching for all the popular spots where the other students usually hang out at. Regrettably, for him, he did not find any trace of Layla in the area.
'Who does Layla even hang around with?' Vorden contemplated on the matter. As he reminisced, he thought of the two students who were the only people that he had seen Layla talk to - They were Quinn and Erin.
Presently, with Erin gone and Quinn consistently spending his time in the VR pod, it meant that Layla would most likely be in her room. Thus, Vorden went to the dorms to visit Layla.
After a few minutes, he landed at his destination. Upon knocking on the door, a female student answered it. That was the first time, Vorden had ever seen her. The most prominent feature of the lady was her short black hair, with a fringe that cascaded her face, nearly covering the entirety of her right eye.
Her name was Cia and she was the third person who occupied Erin and Layla's room.
"What do you want, blondie?" Cia said with an irked tone in her voice, seemingly bothered by Vorden's appearance.
"Is Layla there?" Vorden asked.
"Are you her boyfriend?" Cia said as she scanned Vorden's body from head to toe. "I'm guessing you two had an argument or something, judging how she's been since yesterday. Or maybe, it was the fact that she found out her best friends were terrorists, but she's not here."
This was the explanation the school had given - That eight students had been found with connections to the group known as Pure and were taken to the dungeon as a form of punishment.
"She's not a terrorist," Vorden mumbled. He didn't know why, yet hearing Erin's name trashed like that by a stranger, who didn't know the truth of the whole matter, really annoyed him.
"Whatever man. Look, if you want to find Layla, she's usually by the back of the building, sitting on the bench just underneath the large tree. She and Erin often went there together."
With that piece of information, Vorden left without saying another word. He was mostly polite. However, something about Cia just rubbed him the wrong way.
"Oh, pretty boy!" Cia shouted. "If you and Layla aren't an item, then feel free to pop a visit in my room anytime." She said, winking at him as she closed the door.
"Now, that's my type," Raten said.
"Shut up," Vorden replied as he went off to the location that Cia had informed him about.
The sun had set and the darkness encompassed the sky. Although it still wasn't very late, usually, the sun would set after seven in the evening. While walking to the location, Vorden felt that it would be strange, to be seen anywhere in the area.
It might be fine in the middle of the day, but at night was bizarre. As he turned the corner, he indeed saw someone sitting alone on a bench right underneath a tree.
Vorden moved in closer. Eventually, he reached the spot in front of her. It wasn't until the last moment that Layla lifted her head. Her eyes were bloodshot and her face was a little swollen. There were signs indicating that she had been crying for most of the night.
"Vorden, what do you want?" Layla asked in a rude tone. She had just lost her best friend, and the last person she wanted to see was standing right before her eyes.
"I think we need to talk about whether or not I can trust you?" Vorden asked.
"This again." Layla moaned. "Here, why should I care if you even trust me or not? Let's put it straight, Vorden. I and you are not friends and we probably never will be. Especially since you keep acting like this all the time."
"Look, Layla, I need to know. I thought it was fine, but now that I know you're a part of Pure…"
"So what?" Layla interrupted Vorden. "I was in Pure this whole time before everything started. The only difference now is that you guys know about it. That hasn't changed who I am, and let me ask you. Aren't you going around accusing me all the time? But what about you? Why do you care so much about Quinn?"
At this point, Layla had stood up from the bench and was starting to inch closer to Vorden. Accordingly, he continued to step back every time she took a step forward. It wasn't because he was scared of her, but because of the voices in his head.
"If she takes one more step closer to us Vorden and you don't do anything about it, I swear..." Raten said, his tone a tad threatening.
"Shut up!" Vorden shouted as he grabbed his head. "Layla, I need to trust you. If I can't trust you, then I'm afraid of what will happen to you." When Vorden spoke of these words, he wasn't saying them in his usual tone of voice.
Layla picked up on this since he had said it with such sincerity, and that frightened her a little. She knew something was up with Vorden but wasn't sure what.
'Perhaps, it was a drawback of his powerful ability?' She thought 'But what was happening to Vorden? And why is he attached to Quinn so much? 
"Then tell me, Vorden, what can I do to prove I'm on your side?" She asked.
Fortunately, Vorden had prepared an answer to this question. Hence, as he walked over to her, it was the only thing he could think of. "Let Quinn turn you into a vampire. That way, I know that you're on his side."
****

EP-221 Peter into Pio
While for her it didn't mean much. Her powers were quite weak, only being a level 2. She had even bought a level three ability book before, hoping to improve her powers but there was no such luck. She was one of the unfortunate souls who even with money wasn't able to increase the strength of her ability. She was stuck at level two, this was her bottleneck.
"I want to go to Vorden, but it's too risky right now." She replied.
At first, when Layla had met Quinn, she wanted him to turn her. It was her escape from her time at the Pure base.
Day in and out, they would constantly show videos, and have classes and training related to their goal. Then when she could finally relax, she took her time reading fantasy stories of the old. Often in the books, it would talk of a vampire sweeping a girl away from all her problems and taking them to a new world, away from everything.
After meeting Quinn this was what had attracted her, but at the same time, she couldn't forget about the reality of why she was at the base in the first place. Her mind kept straying away and reminded her that she needed to stick to the cause.
So she had planned to inform Pure of her findings, a way to make their members stronger without using abilities. However, as she grew closer to Quinn she was afraid of what would happen to him, if she revealed Pure about his identity.
There was always the chance that Pure wouldn't agree to it. Sometimes the organization's actions even confused her, with how they worked and what they deemed okay. In a way, beast weapons they used were just like abilities, with those more powerful than others.
Did Pure distribute them equally to their followers? Yet, they deemed this okay. But when she saw what happened with Peter, second thoughts were running through her head. IF Layla were to do those things then she didn't know how she would face her family.
She wasn't very close to them but her mother was all she knew and all she had right now.
"If I go off the radar, stop reporting to Pure and choose to be by Quinn's side, they could run an investigation. They might think at first that what happened to me was the same as everyone else, but they would quickly find out I’m still fine. They would then look into me, send higher-ups and then Quinn would be in even more trouble." Layla explained. "When the time is right, I promise I will be by Quinn's side."
Although she had said this she still wasn't sure herself. When it came between choosing Pure over Quinn right now she would still choose Pure where her family was and now Erin as well.
After hearing her explanation it seemed Layla had made a lot of sense. She could be lying about the whole thing but Vorden didn't know how Pure worked. Right now, everything was fine, so he wouldn't want to stir the pot anymore.
"It's not just about Pure," Vorden replied. "You're too weak to help and it seems like you will cause more problems for us in the future than help. At least you might be of some use to us if you're turned."
These last words Vorden spoke were the biggest hit to Layla. She knew this, her whole life she felt like this, even within the Pure organization. She wasn't any help to her mother, she wasn't any help to her friends and she couldn't even help much when her friend needed her.
"Vorden, can I ask?!" She shouted and  focused her thoughts elsewhere, "How did you know I was here?"
This area she was in right now was a place where she and Erin would often hang out. Nobody came around that place oftenly so she was surprised when Vorden found her.
"Your roommate told me!" Vorden shouted back as he walked away.
"Roommate, Cia? How would she know? I'm surprised she paid attention to me and Erin. She was always off doing her own thing. Maybe that is sweeter than she looks."
****
The next day had arrived, and it had now been a couple of days since the whole event with Truedream was over and done with. The school no longer searched for the missing students, after doing a sweep of the school, it looked like none of the students had seen Peter or Erin.
In the end, they deemed that the video that had been sent must have been true and they were too late. Things were starting to get back to normal. With this, Logan had made preparations for today, it was the day the student named Pio Blank would return.
With the help of Leo, they were able to gain access to the portal room once again. The security surrounding the place wasn't on high alert now and being a sergeant, Leo had privileges to use the room as he wished.
Sometimes the sergeants would visit other planets to brush up their skills in hunting beasts on the portals. Or maybe even visit a few family and friends.
Leo was able to sneak Peter into the room and with him, several of Logan's mechanical little spiders. After that, Leo left the room and it was all down to Peter.
"You ready?" Logan asked.
Everything had been prepared beforehand. The wristwatch had been altered to indicate the pulse of a living person along with the level 4 ability and Logan had also made a few adjustments in the other rooms that he still hadn't informed the others about.
With Logan's ability and the use of his spiders, he didn't personally have to be anywhere to make adjustments. Logan was able to freely control the metallic spiders however he wished. Using his computer he was also able to monitor and hear everything that was going on in those rooms.
IF the spiders were ever spotted, they had a certain pattern on them that made them just look like any other spider. From time to time, people would attempt to splatter them, but Logan would try his best to scurry them away before that happened.
At the moment, even Peter's clothing had looked roughed up to indicate he was either traveling through the desert or even going from shelter to shelter at the time until he had found his way back.
With everything set and done. Logan pressed a key on his keyboard. At the same time in a different location, in the school's security office, a signal was detected.
"There has been a signal activated from one of the portals." A man said. "Send word to anyone nearby immediately."
It didn't take long for the two guards by the door to enter the portal room and find Pio. Hayley soon came along with Fay to check who had made the signal. The main reason why the generals were called was just in case it was a beast that had managed to enter through the portals.
"That's one of the missing students!" Fay shouted as soon as she saw Peter. She had recognized him since she had dealt with their case files. She had looked at the five students who had supposedly died that day over and over again.
"Quick, Hayley takes him to the medical facility; we need to give him a full health check-up. This is the first bit of good news we have had in quite a while."
Right inside Logan’s room, Quinn and the entire group were standing with a smile which soon turned into one of horror as they heard those words.
*****

EP-222 Unlocking the code
"Hey, when have I ever messed up?" Logan complained. "It's pretty obvious that as soon as they find a student who has been missing for a while, and comes back in tattered clothes from a planet that had suffered a Dalki attack, the first thing they would do is take him to the medical facility."
It was something the others hadn't thought about. They had all been too busy and focused on their problems. They didn’t think this through. All they could do right now was believe in Logan's words and trust him to have a good escape plan. 
As they took Peter to the medical facility, Hayley went ahead and ran a general check on Peter's condition. There wasn't much she needed to do as technology had come quite a way and she noticed he didn't have any physical wounds on his body.
This meant there was no need for her to personally use her ability to heal anything externally.
She hooked Peter up to a large tube-like machine, while also placing several little of what appeared to be white stickers all over his body. The machine would show his internals and display his insides, as well as see if there was something wrong with any of his organs, including his heart. It further looked into the details of his blood pressure and all sorts of vitals.
And, everything could be done with the single use of the machine. This was where Logan's ability had come to its advantage. Logan was able to fake a sickness and enter the medical facility, beforehand. During this time, he had touched every machine available there.
While doing so, he had taken control of the machines making them feel alive. He could now give them commands and they would follow them whenever he wanted to.
The others sat there nervously, as Hayley would continue to jot down information on her little tablet now and then. she would look at the screen and then go back to her tablet.
"It looks like you're in perfect condition," Hayley said as Peter lifted himself out of the machine. "Now I just need to ask you a few questions."
Once again, the others got a little worried. But as she asked him questions, Peter had answered everything perfectly. Hearing this, Logan nodded his head proudly, but the others weren't too sure.
The problem was, Peter had answered them all too perfectly. Answering almost immediately and in a robot-like voice.
Hayley continued with her questions while a soldier stood by her side, noting down everything. She had even asked about what had happened to him before this point.
Logan had come up with a backstory that was plausible according to the situation. It detailed how the Dalki had attacked their group, and he had run away, luckily escaping the fiasco. The only problem was that all his equipment had been left behind and he had no clue where he was.
He traveled through the desert for many days, managing to feed himself using the survival skills, the school had taught him, eventually reaching a shelter. The problem was, it was the wrong shelter. The shelter only had teleporters that linked to other planets and none back to earth or the military base, but he found out the shelter he had come from wasn't too far.
He stayed until he regained his strength and purchased a map leading him to the original shelter and eventually returned to the military base.
Once the questioning was over. Hayley left Peter to be with a soldier guarding him as he rested while she went off to report to Nathan.
"So, how is the boy?" Nathan asked.
"Thankfully, he seems to be in perfect condition health-wise but…" Hayley hesitated.
"But what?" Nathan replied.
"It seems like his mind isn't all there. Sometimes, his response was quite rigid and there seemed to be a lack of emotion. Pio didn’t have any of these signs before. Although this could be due to the trauma of being attacked by the Dalki; perhaps, he will come around in the future."
"That's great news!" Nathan said. "As long as the student is fine, it will be okay. We can inform his parents about the good news for now. They don't need to know about the rest until later. There is no use worrying them over nothing if he is to return to normal soon. Have him rejoin classes tomorrow."
"But sir!" Hayley complained, "Don't you think it's too soon to send him out again? He just came back."
"You might be right about that; inform the student and let him decide. If he wishes to go then, let him."
"As you wish, sir," Hayley said before returning.
As Hayley left the room, Nathan went to pick up the files on his desk as he read through them one by one, he felt like pulling his hair out. His thought process often clashed with the military's current way.
But this time he thought it was too much.
"An orange portal outing, what are they thinking?" Nathan said.
It seemed like Peter's disguise had worked and they had bought Logan's plan. Quinn didn't quite know how he did it but, he knew it was something only he could do.
With the tension now gone, it did seem like their group finally had no more problems to deal with. There was still the matter with Duke, but now with Peter gone, there was no direction. They would just have to wait for him to make his next move against Vorden and slip up somewhere.
It was late that night and the others had left the room to go to sleep. Just before they left the room, Fex had spotted something on Logan's workbench. It was a square-shaped portable teleporter.
While the others were busy saying their goodbyes while friendly chatting with each other, Fex decided to move closer to have a look. The workbench wasn't your usual type of workbench.
There were several tools designed there just for Logan's use. There were even several computer screens just above the workbench. Right now, it looked like he had the square teleport device hooked up via some cables leading upward to the computer screen.
On the screen above was a random list of numbers, spanning long rows and rows of different sequences of numbers. The machine was going through different sequences at an alarming rate and each time, the number would blink red and go on to the next sequence.
'He can't be trying to crack the thing, can he? I thought these things were meant to be unbreakable." But Fex wasn't so naive. Perhaps the Vampires thought the devices were pretty secure but after witnessing what Logan was able to do time and time again, he thought maybe there was a chance Logan would be able to crack the code.
'This is bad.' Fex thought. The square portable teleporters were different from the round ones the earthlings used. They were a lot more advanced. The circular teleporters were set to go to one destination only.
While the square ones worked more like a teleport station. An access code needed to be put in and depending on which access code was used, it would teleport you to the correct station. This was how Fex was able to arrive on earth, through a similar type of teleporter.
The problem was that there were two types of square teleporters, with each slightly different in design. On the top where the code was to be entered, it could either be green or red. Green meant it cab be used to travel to any teleport station, this included the ones on other planets, not just earth.
The one inside Logan's room had a red panel on top. Similar to the circle portals, they had one destination and one destination only, it was back to the place where Fex had come from.
He had realized this before but thought nothing much of it because, without the access code, Logan would never be able to use the teleporter.
But looking at the screen, Fex didn't know when, but soon, he would have access to the teleporter.
*****

EP-223 A new Team
"Just a little warning to you, Quinn. The device that Logan had been tinkering around with, on his workbench, it's a portal leading back home. Before he discovers the access code and its destination, you need to do everything you can to stop him. Otherwise, the two of us will be discovered and we will be in big trouble."
Fex left after warning Quinn before he could even ask any questions.
"What was that all about?" Quinn murmured.
He then decided to carefully think about what Fex had said. The device on his workbench was the teleportation device that had been created by Richard Eno. Quinn knew of this fact only thanks to the systems inspection skill and then later had informed Logan.
By home, there could only be one place Fex was talking about. It was where the vampires came from. Still unsure whether or not that was somewhere on earth or another planet. But most likely from the hints given out so far, it seems like somewhere along the way, between when the system's creator was a vampire and the vampires now, they had moved from the earth and relocated to another planet. or at least a place hidden from the human eye.
He understood that he needed to stop Logan before he figured it out. The only thing Quinn didn't understand was why Fex seemed so concerned. If Logan was to travel through the portal, why would he get in trouble?
Quinn then thought of his first meeting with Fex. He mentioned something along the lines that he wasn't meant to be here. Is that the reason why Fex hadn't acted against Quinn? If he was to be found out then, he would be in trouble as well. And, based on what he said just now, he had confirmed it.
If this was all true then, Quinn didn't need to worry about Fex.
"If what you are thinking is along those lines, then I'm afraid the situation is worse," The system said. "Based on the boy's young age and at the same time, his great skill. It would be wise to assume he holds a high position in one of the vampire families. If he is not here on orders then, they will send others on his trail to retrieve him. We need to be careful."
All of this meant one thing; it was another reminder for Quinn to get stronger quickly.
The next day, the first-year students were called into the assembly hall for a meeting once again. It was a little bit of a surprise but, they assumed it either had something to do with the next portal outing that was to be held this weekend or the Inter military base event in a couple of weeks.
As Vorden lined up next to Quinn, the two of them looked around the room and eventually spotted Peter. Peter had been asked whether he wanted a break before joining the school again, they even asked him if he wanted to take part in the next outing.
They had expected him to say no, but to their surprise, Peter had insisted to be taken on board, claiming that he wanted to gain more experience as soon as possible to prevent such a thing from happening to him again.
The real reason though, was because Quinn had asked him to. It was important for Quinn to keep Peter as close as possible to him.
While Vorden was looking around the room, his eyes had managed to catch the female student Cia. She was standing right by Layla, which was expected since the two of them were roommates.
Vorden thought about the girl's strange words and just then, their eyes met. Cia noticed this and blew over a kiss towards Vorden. Seeing this, Vorden quickly turned away.
"What is wrong with that girl, no class at all. Nothing like Erin." Vorden quietly complained.
"You prefer that lame ice girl to her? What is wrong with you?" Raten said.
Nathan walked onto the stage. It was the first time many of the first-year students had seen him. Usually, a general would hardly ever talk to the students, unless it was something important. This made the students fidget and slightly worry.
"Okay, I'm not one for speeches; so, let's get to the point," Nathan said. "The portal outing on the weekend; I'm here to tell you all that it won't be like usual. This year, the military has decided to expand their operation and get more aggressive in planetary explorations." Nathan explained.
"So, what does that mean for you guys? Well, instead of the normal Green portal, you guys get to jump ahead and explore an Orange portal instead."
Hearing the news, the students suddenly broke into gossip.
"An Orange portal this soon, I thought they only did that with the second years."
"What if we run into high-level beasts?"
"Why would they do this to us, especially after the Dalki attack?"
"Silence!" Nathan shouted as he slammed his fist down onto the podium. Nathan rarely got angry but he knew he had to calm down the crowd before it got out of control. The other factor was that he didn't think this was the right decision.
It was too early for them and they could seriously hurt themselves but, his boss Paul had ordered it and he had to follow.
"Don’t worry! There will be two sergeants sent out with you on this journey. Leo, head of the beast weapon class, and Fay; are two of our strongest generals, so even if you do run into high-level beasts, they will help you. I will now let Fay explain how the portal outing will work for all of you."
Fay then took over and walked to the podium. By the time she had arrived, Nathan had already left the hall. He had already done everything he needed to do.
"An Orange portal outing is different from the Green portal outing you did before. The Green outing is focused on competition between each group but, the Orange outings focus on working together. Each class will travel together in groups of fifty. The main goal is exploration. Portal planets have yet to be fully explored. Each class will head in a different direction but we shall remain close to each other.
"You will remain in your teams of five while traveling in the larger group of fifty. Each team will be given a certain device that would be used to survey the land and map out the terrain. The data recorded will be used to automatically create a world map and other maps for future use on the planet.
"More details will be explained, once the devices have been given to you. It will also go into depth about how points will be distributed per team. For those of you who lost members on the last trip and a few new faces, please fill in those groups, lacking members. If all teams are filled, please come to me; I will randomly assign you to a group. Please do this now." Fay commanded.
The hall of students quickly shifted around with everyone getting into the same groups they were in before. Quinn, Vorden, and Layla remained in one group. Technically, Peter and Erin had left their group so there were two spaces left vacant.
Peter, now known as Pio had decided to come over to join Quinn's group. This had been the plan all along.
"So, what do we do about the fifth person?" Vorden Inquired.
As Quinn looked around the room, he noticed once again that Fex was all on his own. During his time at school, he hadn't spent time with anyone else other than Quinn and the others. And due to the low level indicated on his watch, the other teams that were taking in people avoided eye contact with him.
Seeing this, Quinn shouted, "Fex, come join us over here!"
****

EP-224 An Addition
"Perhaps, this is an instance of keeping your friends close but your enemies closer," Vorden said as quietly as possible. Right now, he was standing next to Layla. Thus, he had said those words loud enough just for her to hear, even slightly leaning his body towards her ear.
As Layla looked up, she could see Vorden staring down at her. After meeting his gaze, she knew that the comment was being directed at her.
There was the urge inside her to retaliate and say something back, but after their last conversation, she just felt defeated.
All of a sudden, Fex came rushing over towards the others. The group didn't know what to say. They hadn't attempted to make a conversation with him because they were afraid they might say something that would give Quinn away. After all, they were aware of the awkward situation he was in. So they would just allow Quinn to deal with it.
"I guess you guys realized how lame your group is," Fex said, his tone indicating that he was proud of himself. "So, you immediately needed me to boost it up a level. Well, if you insist."
Upon hearing that, an awkward smile made its way to Quinn's face. He merely wanted to be close to Fex, hoping he could eventually learn more about the vampire world. After what happened on the last portal outing, he became incredibly worried.
Although Quinn had gotten stronger, he still wasn't strong enough to deal with the weakest of the Dalki. Also, he couldn't imagine how powerful the vampires, who were coming after Fex, would be.
Accordingly, one thing was simple - He needed to get strong faster. There were only two days left before the next portal outing. As he thought about ways to boost his strength, there were a few things that came to his mind.
One, he still hadn't studied the new tutorial videos that had been unlocked after learning the vampire martial arts. Adding more variety to his attack skills would always come in handy.
Another way for Quinn to get stronger was to obtain more skill points. There were several shadow skills he had yet to unlock. However, to get stat points, he needed to level up his current shadow abilities.
And the final way to get stronger was to increase his stats. He could level up, but the amount of exp required for the next level up would increase significantly. By just playing the game, he wouldn't be able to make a measly dent in it. He could go around challenging random people. Nevertheless, while the others thought he was a level one and with the school on alert, that wouldn't be on the list of his best ideas.
Still, there was another way that he could utilize to increase his stats and strength - It was unique to him and that was by obtaining the blood of as many different people as possible. When Quinn saw how useful Fex's charm ability was, he felt like there might be a way for him to quickly do this.
However, when he had tried this method on a few students as he passed the halls, it was unsuccessful for the most part. To the few that they were successful on, Quinn could only remove their memory, yet was unable to command them to move.
This meant that it wasn't much use unless he could find a student that would fit the criteria of the skill. If he wanted to go through with this plan, he would need more stat points in his charm skill, which just led him back to the original problem.
'Are there any other ways to get blood?' As Quinn thought about this, the image of the city hospital suddenly popped into his head, again. Still, he would have a problem with the cameras. For now, he would just have to focus on upgrading his shadow abilities along with learning the tutorial videos.
While everyone was huddled up in their groups, there seemed to be three stray students that had walked up to the front of the assembly hall, going straight to stand by Fay's side.
As she looked into the crowd of people, she started to look at each of the groups. Every single one of them was already filled with five people.
"You over there," Fay said, pointing to one student and then to the next from another group.
"You there, and you…" She surveyed the room one more time and her eye had managed to capture Vorden, who was just at the back. Fay had seen his face on documents more times than she would have liked, so she decided to let his group deal with the remaining student.
"And you, you can head to those at the back." She said.
The others were too preoccupied with their conversations, busy talking about what they might expect to find in an orange portal planet. Vorden was the one with the most knowledge in the group, and he was saying how it varied from place to place.
The orange portal was amidst two stages. Once the whole Planet had been explored, they would use the information that they had gathered to update its status to green or red. Although it was usually a task that would take a few months to accomplish, it was unlikely they would be able to get much done.
Just then, a voice echoed loudly within the hall.
"Hello?" Cia said as she entered the circle. She then turned her head towards Vorden and started to wave her hand in front of the young man's face.
"You," Vorden replied, shocked that he saw Cia. "What are you doing here? Look, I'm not interested."
"Well, that's a shame, but it looks like you're stuck with me," Cia replied.
She then glanced at Layla and gave her a wave too.
Meanwhile, Quinn became curious about what was happening, so he decided to inquire, "What do you mean?"
"Sergeant Fay has asked me to join your team. You see, the team I was in before, well, it turns out that three of them were part of Pure, so the two of us had no other groups to go to. That is the reason why Fay told me to go with you guys." Cia explained.
'This was unexpected and a little bit annoying' Quinn thought as he prevented his emotion from showing.
Right now, everyone in their team knew of each other's abilities. However, Cia knew nothing. She didn't know that Layla was part of Pure, Quinn and Fex were vampires, and Peter's identity. If she was to join the team, it would only slow them down.
Cia then looked at each of the members. "So I'm already acquainted with the Hottie and Puppy eyes over there." She said, referring to both Vorden and Layla. "But what about the rest of you."
She gave them an intense stare, and it seemed like they were a very strange bunch for the young lady. Then she pointed at each one of them as she continued to provide them with nicknames.
"Average joe over there." Pointing to Quinn.
"Dead eyes." Pointing to Peter.
"And…" When she got to Fex, she paused slightly.
As of the moment, he had turned on his charm and was trying to draw her in as much as possible. First impressions were always important to him and he wanted to make a good one.
"Go on then," Fex said. "Compliment me on my good looks."
"Arrogant young master type." She said.
This surprised Fex greatly. Although his charm might have not completely persuaded her, it should have had some effect, though it seemed there was none.
Cia looked defeated and appeared like she didn't want to be in the group at all, not realizing that they felt the same way, especially after her words.
"Well, we better get to introducing everyone then. If we have to work as a team, I guess the first thing we need to know about is everyone's abilities right?" Cia asked.
****

EP-225 Support Abilities
Although, the main problem was that the school still didn't know about Quinn's ability. As for Peter, they assumed that he still had his duplication ability - The one that he most recently copied from someone else.
"I don't have an ability." Quinn quickly answered all the while he lifted up his wristwatch to show Cia that he was a level one. After seeing this, she quickly ignored him and moved on to the next person.
Quinn was fine with this since this expedition would be quite different. The whole class would be traveling together for the orange portal expedition. Thus, he would have to hide his abilities from the rest of the class. Hiding them from one more person wouldn't hurt.
"I already know Layla's, and most people learned about that pretty boy after the event with the second years in the assembly hall. That means I just need to know yours." Cia said as she looked at Peter.
Peter then gave Cia a rather uncordial glance, since he wasn't in a great mood. What annoyed him wasn't Cia's attitude towards him, but her disregard for Quinn, his master.
"I can show you firsthand if you want," Peter said, raising his fist.
"Peter!" Quinn snapped, so Peter immediately put his fist down and went back to his master's side.
"What the hell was that all about?" Cia asked in bewilderment. She knew her teasing could piss off some people at times. Hence, because of this, she was usually quite cold at gauging people's snapping points and when to stop. Still, Peter's outburst seemed a little abrupt to her.
"Don't you think you should tell us your ability first before asking for ours? “ Vorden questioned.
"Well, my ability will be a little hard to explain, so why don't I just show you?" Cia looked at all the people in the group. At first, she would have tried using her ability against Peter. However, judging by how he acted, she didn't want to do that now.
Out of all the people in the group, there seemed to be one target that stood out as the weakest.
As Cia lifted her hand, smoke gradually appeared on top of her palms - The smoke was colored in the shade of blue that the skies had. It started to form a certain shape - its body was similarly hued to the smoke. After a brief window, a pointed blade emerged on one end of the fully formed thin rod. The final product was a short spear, spanning half of Cia's height, made of animate smoke.
Without warning, she looked towards her target and threw the spear. It flew through the air and managed to hit Quinn dead in the chest. The spear had permeated his body, a part of it protruding on his back.
The others couldn't believe that Quinn had just been attacked right in front of their eyes.
"Quinn!" Layla shouted. "Are you okay?"
When the spear had made contact with Quinn, he felt no pain. Although he could feel the object piercing him, it didn't seem to have inflicted any physical damage - No bruises, scratches, or holes where blood could trickle.
Still, there was definitely an effect. Part of his energy felt like it was being absorbed by the weapon. It was a similar feeling to when he was out in the sun, only a lot weaker.
Finally, the notification sound was heard.
*Ding
[You have been affected by Spirit Spear]
[All stats have been reduced by 10 percent]
The sensation that Quinn had was confirmed by the system message.
Peter was outraged, he had a strong urge to lash out at Cia, but suddenly, he could feel an immense amount of pressure burning the side of his body - It was Quinn.
"What...did you do to me?!" Quinn said, his anger evident in his voice that became a bit deeper.
The others had never seen Quinn like this before, so they were stunned. Meanwhile, filled with rage, Quinn started to walk towards Cia. Right now, Quinn was unsure what Cia's skill was. All he knew was it had reduced his stats by ten percent.
If this was a permanent effect, then he would have lost a lot of hard work.
'Is this guy really a level one?' Cia thought as she looked into the anger that was swimming in Quinn's eyes. She wasn't sure if she imagined it or not, but she thought she could see the color of his eyes slowly starting to turn red.
"Hey Quinn, relax," Fex said as he jumped in between the two of them before Quinn could even act. He then leaned forward and whispered to Quinn, making sure his body and head were blocking Cia from seeing him.
"Quinn, your eyes, they're Red. You need to control your anger and calm down." Fex advised.
However, as Quinn thought about how hard he had worked to gather those stat points and them going away just like that, his anger started to boil again.
[Spirit spear has worn off]
[Stats have returned to normal]
The spear that impaled his chest slowly dissipated into thin air and the energy seemed to return to his body. At the same time, his mind was suddenly cleared along with his anger.
"Hey, did you really think I would hurt you in front of all these teachers and students? It looks like I've joined a team of crazy people." Cia complained.
"A support ability?" Vorden said.
Cia simply nodded as a response to Vorden's query.
The reason Vorden hadn't reacted the same way as the others, was because he had seen this type of ability before.
"I'm guessing that it's the spirit drain ability. Am I correct?" Vorden inquired further. "It allows the user to form spirit weapons in their mind. When this spirit hits its target, it can either act as a buff or debuff. There are different types of spirit abilities. If this is spirit drain, then this acts as a debuff on the user. I don't know the finer details about it though."
"Thank you," Cia said. "I knew someone on the team would have a brain. As he said, “when my ability hits, it is able to debuff the target for five seconds and then the effect wears off. The good thing about this is that the spears can also stack up. In that time frame, the more spears impaled into the target's body, the heavier the debuff. Because I'm only a level three though, the amount of time the spear lasts is only three seconds, and the distance I can throw the spear is quite short."
The others didn't want to admit it, but having Cia on the team would be a great addition. Support-type abilities were greatly sought after. The problem was that they were also very unpopular.
Usually, support abilities required one to work with a team. Without them, they were pretty much useless. Cia's spears didn't inflict much damage to its target. It would only drain their energy and stats. Meaning, that while she was using her spears, it would be best if someone else dealt with the target.
For this reason, many people tend to overlook this ability whenever they're about to pick since it was hard to be defenseless on a battlefield. Although there were the plus sides, if one was to select a support ability, it meant that they would easily be able to join a faction in the future.
"Anyway, it looks like this group won't amount to much." Cia uttered." So why don't we just meet up on the day of the portal outing? There's no point training together within the two days left prior to the expedition."
"But…" Ahead of arguing her case, Quinn interrupted Layla's speech.
"I agree. Why don't we all do our own thing before the portal outing? It's been a tiring week and I think some of us can do with some rest." Quinn said.
Before the others could even say anything, Cia was already walking off. The assembly had ended and students were told that, until the portal outing, they would have the next two days off. This was to make up for the weekend that they would, most often than not, utilize to rest.
The idea was also to allow the students to focus on teamwork. It was a free period, still, the teachers encouraged the students to ask them for help and guidance.
Nevertheless, Quinn had his own ideas and plans ahead of the expedition.
While everyone was busy doing their own business, Quinn had arrived at the VR gaming room. With the Nano stick that had been given to him, he no longer needed to bug Logan. Accordingly, he headed to his room in order to use the private servers.
"Now, let's see what you got."
[Tutorial video for skill Phantom hit has begun]
****

EP-226 Phantom Punch
The first thing Quinn was going to do was, have a look at the new tutorial video he had unlocked, after learning the vampire martial arts.
[Phantom Punch tutorial]
Was the name of the video. It made sense that the new skill was somehow related to a punch since vampire martial art mainly focused on using hands.
"Hello there!" The blonde man in a cheery voice said in the video. Once again the blonde man was in a martial arts hall with wooden floors and such. Quinn started wondering about the location of the place. Was it on earth, like the system AI said, or maybe another place?
The identity of the blonde man remained a mystery too. If only Quinn could trust Fex enough. He would try to find a way to show what the blonde man looked like to Fex. Maybe he would have an answer.
"It seems like you are progressing quite well. Unfortunately, my talents never seemed to fit in well with the vampire martial arts and I thought you two might stray from this path. But just in case I decided to include this video if the user ever decided to learn it.
"In my opinion, this is one of the most useful skills to have. But just a little warning, this skill seems to work better with beings with a high level of intelligence. Namely humanoid creatures. When testing this against a beast it has little to no effect."
This piece of infromation disappointed Quinn a little. He was just about to go on an Orange portal outing, where plenty of beasts reside. Still, the skill would be useful, Dalki, vampires, and humans all fell into the humanoid category and lately, it seemed like Quinn was going to be attacked by them a lot more than beasts these days.
"To perform this skill based on the system stats you will need at least 15 points of agility and 10 points of charm. These are the minimum requirements. Now as you increase your points into Charm and Agility this skill will work even better. This is a skill that evolves with your stats, not by continous usage."
This sounded a little confusing at first but Quinn seemed to understand. After using the blood swipe multiple times it had eventually evolved, this was the same with blood spray and also the shadow skills.
It seemed like whatever skills were related to the Charm stat, would evolve, or become more powerful as the stat related was increased. Such as his Daze and influence skills.
"This skill will be a tricky one to show, so you will have to listen to my explanation very carefully." The blonde man said.
The man then brought out a human mannequin that was made of foam. He blasted out throwing his fist just touching the mannequin ever so slightly. The set of moves and punches he had used was the same that he and Fex had learned.
"Now, I'm going to chat a little bit just for the video and show you how the skill would look."
The blonde man took a deep breath, and then suddenly threw out a bolt of punch lightning-fast towards the head. It was a perfect hit.
*Bang
The sound of the impact was heard but looking at the video, there was no such mark on the mannequin's head. Upon taking a closer look, instead of a marking on the head, there was a fist mark on the body instead.
'But I was sure I saw him aim for the head? When did he hit the body?' Quinn thought.
"As I said before this is just a demonstration of what the skill looks like and not me using the skill. This is the phantom punch. While in a fight, you will aim your punch in a certain direction to start, before the first movement is made, your charm skill will take slight control of the user's mind, to them an image will appear and make it look like the punch has continued heading in the initial direction.
"But in fact, this will be a phantom punch, while the user is dodging or trying to block it, the real blow will come from somewhere else. This skill works even better if you have high enough agility. You will be able to perform several phantom punches at once confusing your opponent. But be careful just like with daze it has a chance of not working well.
"This is why I recommend you to increase your charm points when possible. What I just did was not the real phantom punch, instead, I decided to just change the direction of my Punch at such a speed that the video was unable to capture it. I'm pretty amazing right?"
After hearing this line, it reminded Quinn a little bit of Fex. He started wondering whether all vampires were really like this. Arrogant and big-headed.
"The phantom punch can only be used against real opponents, so there is no way for me to show you through the video."
After the initial video explanation was over, as usual, there were a few more videos that broke down the action slowly bit by bit. Quinn began to watch the videos. The first video explained the feeling while using the charm ability on your opponent.
He explained it by saying, it should feel similar to when Quinn would use the Daze skill. He should gather that feeling again and try to focus it through his eyes. Then using his strong will and the image in his head, he would be able to project a fist outward. This, in turn, would allow the opponent to see the same thing.
The next set of videos explained the hard part, it was the combination of the two. After hearing the explanation Quinn didn't think it would be too hard. But just practicing it, not using it against an opponent, he found out it was extremely difficult.
It was similar to someone learning the piano. One part of the brain needed to focus and do a certain action, while the other part needed to do a different action. The problem was that, it was the same arm that was meant to be doing the action.
If he projected thoughts to target the head, and tried punching below, as soon as he thought too much about hitting the head his fist would automatically hit upward.
Still, Quinn wasn't the type to give up. If there was one thing he was good at, it was that he was able to repeat an action repeatedly. He never got bored of doing the same thing over.
As he repeated the move several times, he could slowly separate his thoughts and actions into two separate things.
He had now lost count of how many punches he had performed, the good thing though was he didn't feel tired at all because of the game. However, it did have a huge impact on his mind.
He didn't know whether it was because he was in the game, or trying to split his thought into two, but he would often get headaches as he pictured himself using the charm ability while forcing the energy outward from his eyes.
Surprisingly, in the middle of his practice, a notification screen popped up. It wasn’t something he was expecting.
[Your dedication has paid off!]
[You have pushed your Charm skill to the limit several times]
[Charm stat + 1]
[Charm: 13]
It was the first time a stat point had increased without him leveling up or consuming blood. The system was clear that it was a fact that Quinn had continously pushed himself while trying to learn the skill.
However, this was a bigger deal than he thought, maybe there was another way to increase his stats. If the others worked in the same way, if Quinn went out and constantly ran until he tired himself out would his stamina increase? And was this the same for other stats? What if he continously lifted weights, would his strength increase as well?
The only problem with this method would be time. It was a lot easier to take a blood sample from someone and increase his strength. In a situation like this, where he couldn't do that, maybe it was a good idea to look into it...
Quinn had done enough practice for now, and he felt like he had done as much as he could. And yet, he still didn't have the skill in his system, like the flash step and hammer strike. Certain combination skills didn't appear in the system. Like blood hammer, and using blood swipe with his shadow.
But since this skill was taught by the system maybe it would have displayed. Right now there was only one thing he could do. Just as the system had said, if he wanted to practice and learn how to use it, he would need to use it on a real opponent.
[Switching servers]
[Blood Evolver is online]
[Match making in progress]
[Opponent found]
"Let's do this!"
****

EP-227 Perfecting a skill
There were myriads of abilities that could help you work better in this field, but nothing could compare to the greatness of the human mind when it came to creative thinking, and engineering which led to the creation of these fields.
Unfortunately for Nate, he was not one of these people. But I knew quite a lot of people who had knowledge in this field. Nate had gotten one of these said people to set up a system, in which he would get notified when the Blood evolver was online.
Recently, he had also added the new user ZombieP to that list as well. He was unable to see the person's game last time but now, he didn't want to miss out on them. While Nate was relaxing with his best friend Sam, as usual, he received a notification.
Nate, immediately headed off towards the capsule. Right now both he and Sam were watching their favorite contender. 
"Hey, I think you're obsessed with this guy?" Sam said in a concerning voice.
"It's just that, this person's growth never seems to slow down. I've grown myself over time but I'm just wondering where his limits are?"  Nate explained.
Quinn had been matched up with another Level Four user but unlike the ones he fought against previously. This user was also wearing beast gear around his chest. Since the first expedition had already happened with each of the military bases, it was expected that players of the game would now more likely have at least some level of beast gear.
The match had begun, and Quinn followed his usual routine of rushing forward and fighting head-on. Oftentimes, he would be the aggressor in fights causing the enemy to slightly panic in the middle of the battle and this time was no different.
Seeing a target running towards him, the user paced both his hands together and shot out a hydro pump of water. The stream of water was strong and fast, but still— due to the distance Quinn could easily avoid it, but instead of outright avoiding the attack...
He waited till the last second and performed the flash step to avoid the attack.
The water user seeing this changed his attack slightly. Instead of a large stream of powerful water, he decided to shoot out smaller fast streams of water that came out like bullets.
Once again though—Quinn used the flash step to avoid the next set of shots. Quinn only had enough stamina to perform three flash steps in one game, so he had already used up over half his strength and his body was tied.
Still, he continued moving, and then before the user could use his water bullets again, Quinn performed his third flash step appearing behind the user. As he turned his head around, Quinn made sure to look him in the eyes just as the video tutorial had said, he activated his charm the same way when he used the daze skill.
Now all he needed to do was project the thought strongly, using his mind of aiming to punch the head, while the real punch would come from below.
Everything was going perfect so far and he could imagine hitting the person in the head, then his fist made contact, but instead of receiving feedback from hitting the body, the punch had been blocked with the other user's hand, which was guarding his face.
"No, I thought I did it perfectly, why did my attack go for the head?" Quinn thought.
Quinn previously thought he had perfected the phantom punch, but using it with no opponent and using it against a real opponent were two different things. With the pressure to perform perfectly and with the enemy standing in front of him, his concentration lagged at some point, so his attack failed.
With one of his other hands, the water user blasted a stream hitting Quinn right in the stomach, sending him onto the floor. Due to his usage of flash step multiple times in the fight, he was tired, and his movements were a little sluggish.
It also seemed like the Beast Equipment had given his opponent some extra strength. A blow from Quinn was more powerful than from a normal person— yet he was able to block it perfectly.
Quinn quickly got up from the ground and attacked again, but unfortunately the result was same. Quinn ended up on the ground once again. 
"What is he doing?" Nate said. "Why isn't he using his red aura skills? Or the hammer strike? Why did he waste all his energy using that fancy footwork at the beginning? Even then, why a punch to the head without using any feints or tricks to confuse the enemy?" Nate was thoroughly confused as to why the person he had watched improving each time he played a match and fought against someone had seemingly made no progress at all in this fight. He seemed to be suffering a setback.
Eventually, the match had ended, and Quinn unsurprisingly lost.
Nate was speechless, he thought he was the only person who had beaten the Blood Evolver before and the one he knew now was a lot stronger than before.
Nate wanted him to remain undefeated until their rematch.
If the Blood Evolver had lost in a grand duel or something he wouldn't be so upset, but he had lost against a simple level four water user.
During the match, Quinn felt something near to the end of the battle, he had felt earlier while practicing.
[Matchmaking is in Progress.]
Once again, Quinn went into the next match. Nate stayed and watched carefully but it seemed to be nearly an exact copy of the last game. After watching four matches— the Blood Evolver had lost four times in a row.
Nate wasn't the only one who had been watching Quinn's matches. There were a few others who had become fans as well, and they were nearly just as disappointed as him with the results they were seeing right now.
"Does this mean that he was just a hacker?" A spectator said.
"I guess so, they probably patched the game so he can't use his red aura skills anymore. Without them, it's clear that he's just average when it comes to hand-to-hand combat." Another one commented.
This was the logical conclusion the others had come to. No one would usually lose a match without giving it everything they got, and in the last four games, Quinn didn't use a single skill other than the flash step and the failed Phantom punch.
"Come on Nate, let's go. We need to practice, man. We're just wasting time here." Sam said.
"You go ahead, I'll catch up and head offline when he goes offline."
Sam could see the disappointment on Nate's face. It was as if he had just watched his favorite superhero lose to a villain in a fight. The only thing he could do now was give him some space.
After losing five matches in a row, the only person that kept on watching Blood Evolver's matches was Nate. He didn't know why, but he felt that there had to be a reason for all the strange actions that Blood Evolver did in the past matches.
The reason for his thinking was the fact that Quinn had lost every game doing the same thing. Only an idiot would do the same thing over and over again expecting different results. Even if he was now unable to use the red aura anymore— it didn't make any sense.
As the next match started Quinn now looked more confident than he did before. He knew he was incredibly close. His opponent was a female, the ability, for now, was unknown as the inspection skill didn't work in-game.
Quinn rushed forward as usual, but this time no attacks were aimed at him. When this happened it usually meant the person— he was going up against had a transformation or hardening ability. The perfect opponent for the phantom strike.
Quinn lifted his fist and aimed for the woman's head, as she saw the punch a large spike appeared on her face. If Quinn was to carry on moving forward, then the spike would go right through his hand.
She could see the punch rushing forward and about to go through the spike, a smile appeared on her face but suddenly, she felt pain in her stomach as she keeled over.
[Phantom Punch skill successfully learned]
The fist hadn't hit her head but struck her stomach instead.
This time, Quinn went for a blow to the stomach, a spike was formed where the punch would make contact, but then sharp pain assaulted the woman on the side of her head.
Quinn continued using the phantom punch in this fashion, successfully landing hit after hit while on the outside Nate who was watching the entire thing was deeply confused.
All he could see was Quinn's opponent, forming spikes and blocking the attacks in the wrong places. It was clear where the punches were coming from so why was she constantly blocking in the wrong place?
The match had finally ended, and Quinn had been declared the winner, but Nate was even more confused now.
However, after watching the Blood Evolver's next three games, and each one of them coming out in a victory in the same fashion. Goosebumps started to appear all over his body.
The hairs on his forearms were now standing up.
He still didn't understand what was going on, but it was painfully obvious that all of these were done on purpose.
"Who is this monster?"
****

EP-228 Upgrading the shadow
It was one of the other perks of having the system. No longer would he fail sometimes while trying to create the punch, it would now work a hundred percent of the time. This was the same as when he learned the crescent blood kick as well.
This didn't mean it would work successfully on his opponent a hundred percent of the time though. It was just that he was now able to perform the skill successfully every time.
In the next matches Quinn played, while using the skill he had learned quite a bit about how the skill worked. Just like the system had said, there were some opponents the skill was less effective against, Quinn couldn't figure out why, as it didn't seem to be linked with the user's ability level. Most likely it was more to do with their mental ability.
For some of the opponents he faced, it seemed like they were only partly tricked. On their end, they would see the phantom punch, but it would disappear before it made a contact.
While for those with weaker minds, it felt like they could feel the phantom punch hitting them. Still, even a slight phantom image gave Quinn a huge advantage. The constant use of the punches, on top of his speed, made his opponents feel like they were fighting against someone with extra hands.
He now understood why the blonde man had said the skill would improve as he improved both his agility stat, along with his charm stat.
[180/400 exp]
After defeating the five opponents, Quinn had obtained ten experience points from each of them. It wasn't his goal, but a bonus along the way of learning the new skill. He also got ten points for completing his daily quests, drinking two liters of water daily along with avoiding the sun for eight hours. But still, out of everything so far, the quickest way to level up was defeating Beasts.
Quinn would need to use this to his advantage when fighting on the other planet. There was also the chance for him to level up even quicker since the system had stated that by fighting along with Peter, he would gain the experience of Peter's skills as well.
With hours of practice and the many matches Quinn had played, he didn't realize the time and the VR pod machines shut off. They usually turned off an hour before the curfew time and his disconnection from the game was a clear sign.
While on his way back to his room Quinn wondered, “Only one day to go for the portal outing, what is the next best step to get stronger!” 
In his mind, Quinn split up his skills into four different categories. He had his blood abilities, such as Blood Swipe, Blood Spray, Blood Bank, and so on. These skills could be upgraded by using them multiple times.
He then had his charm skills. Daze, Influence, and now, Phantom Punch.
The next section he counted was his fighting skills, such as Flash Step, Hammer Strike, as well as Blood Hammer, and Phantom Punch. Although the last two skills were a combination of the other sections.
Finally, his ability skills. The shadow skills. After looking at all his skills, Quinn decided to focus on the shadow skills. There were currently still four shadow skills greyed out in the system that required him to use skill points to unlock.
The only way Quinn knew, to get skill points, was to upgrade the level of his current shadow skills. It worked the same way as his blood skills. The more he used them, eventually, it would level up.
This was the best option for Quinn while in the game.
The next day had arrived, and as the group agreed, everyone was currently doing their own thing. Everyone was kind of pleased that they had decided to do this. At first, Quinn was a little bit worried about Peter.
But when he asked what Peter was planning to do, Peter was already heading off to Logan's room with a bunch of sandwiches held in his arms. It seemed like the two were getting on well enough that Quinn no longer needed to use his blood.
While heading to the game room, he noticed Fex too had decided to come along. There wasn't much for him to do in the game after all. When Quinn entered the game, he decided to watch a couple of Fex's matches.
It came to him as a surprise that Fex seemed to be playing online rather than using the private server. Because just like Quinn, they were both unable to use their abilities inside the game.
After watching a couple of games, he could see that Fex was able to beat his opponents without using his blood skills, or string abilities. He purely used his body and martial arts to overpower his opponents.
During the second match, Fex had meant someone quite skilfully and for the second time, Quinn had seen him use an improvement of the martial arts that were taught to him. The first time was during the match against Leo.
Seeing this just reminded Quinn again that he needed to get stronger. Quinn backed out of the game and joined the private server where he was able to use his shadow abilities freely.
[Shadow Void]
The first thing Quinn activated was Shadow Void. Soon, the room, instead of white, was now covered in purple, shifting shadows above.
Quinn planned to level up his level 1 shadow skills first. Since they were lower levels, they would require lesser usage to level up.
Currently, the shadow skills were level 1.
Shadow Control and Shadow Void.
For each level up, of skill, Quinn gained ten stat points. Right now, he was aiming for the skill in his system that cost the most amount of skill points. The skill is known as Shadow Eater, costs a total of fifty points.
He repeated the process of activating the skills as many times as he could, and due to it being in the game and the lobby, he didn't run out of MC points. Eventually, Shadow Void leveled up to level 2.
Quinn could now decide the size of the shadow void, and depending on which, it would either cost far more or far fewer points.
The other skills that leveled up were his Shadow Cloak, which was now level 3, along with his Shadow Equip, which was level 3 as well. The time used to cast these skills was incredibly fast and it seemed like the cloak skill now used more shadows to hide him, making it even harder for him to be seen by those with good perception.
Unfortunately, the only skill that hadn't leveled up for him was his Shadow Control skill, the most useful and powerful skill in his arsenal. The skill allowed him to combine it with his Blood Swipe, as well as block incoming attacks.
But it seemed like the skill could only be used on an opponent hence, it was void in the game. 
There was some good news though. When leveling up the skill from level 2 to level three, the number of skill points given to him increased. Instead of ten per level up, he was given fifteen, giving him a total of thirty skill points.
But it still wasn't enough for him to unlock the skill Shadow Eater. The day had come to an end, and Quinn would have to be satisfied with improving his current shadow skills and learning the Phantom Punch for now.
Finally, the day had arrived. It was the weekend and all the first-year students were told to gather inside the portal room once again. It was time to go through the orange portal.
****

EP-229 Scanning for points
Two of the generals, Fay and Leo, would be taking charge of the expedition. Only, they would be moving slightly ahead of the whole group.
Soon, the classes were called, one by one, into the portal room. Finally, Del's class was called, so all of the students belonging to that group began to prepare their things ahead of going through the portal. Standing at the front was Del, the portal glowing with orange light illuminated his figure.
Although, this time, Del looked different compared to his usual self. Usually, when teaching a class, he would be wearing the standard uniform that the teachers wore. This time the uniform could hardly be seen beneath the beast gear clothing that he donned.
The thing was, the armor he was wearing didn't look like a beast gear at all, it rather looked more like a mage outfit. From head to toe, it looked like he was dressed in robes, but if inspected closer, certain accessories could be seen around his wrists and legs. Furthermore, instead of a weapon, a shield was mounted on his back.
Before giving his speech to the students, he decided to survey the whole group. He could feel the sweat dripping from his forehead, thinking, 'I can't believe that the school is doing this. Why do homeroom teachers have to go along with them? These kids don't even know what could be on the other end. If they did, they would be just as nervous as me.'
All these fearful thoughts were running through Del's head. In the past, he had done an orange portal expedition. Because of that, he was aware that the results of the expedition could turn out for the worse, it was like flipping a coin.
In some places, it would be a walk in the park while other times it would feel like they had been sent to hell. In the fear of being sent inside the portal once more, he elected to become a teacher, but it seemed as if fate was toying with him.
"All the groups present please raise their orange scanning devices!" Del said, his voice loudly resounded within the hall.
As Del asked, the representative of each group showed themselves.
For Quinn's group, it was Peter. Once again, he was in charge of carrying the group's supplies and this included the scanner.
The only difference this time was that Peter had volunteered to help his master. It also made sense, since Peter was fairly sturdy and had a lot of strength. There were advantages such as his unlimited stamina, so he wouldn't get exhausted that easily by carrying heavy objects.
"I will now explain and show you how the scanner works. I will only explain once, so listen up." Del said as he raised the scanner for everyone to see. "The scanner is fairly simple to use. You will only need to point it at an object. You can see that, on the screen, you can select the area or item that you want to scan. Once you confirm, the scanner will do the rest for you. Simple, right? So remember, don't mess it up." Del said in a slightly annoyed voice.
A student raised his hand, but Del decided to completely ignore him as he continued with his explanation.
"The scanner can be used to scan almost anything - buildings, beasts, plants, water, and so on. It will try its best to break down the information it has received and display it on the screen for you. Although, this is not the goal of the expedition."
Del halted his speech, heaving a sigh before resuming. His irritation was starting to get the best of him.
"What you students need to do is look for things on the planet which have never been scanned before, and this includes beasts. In your teams, each newly scanned object will earn you points. If the item has been scanned before, you will receive no points.
"Now for the most crucial part. There is quite a range on these scanners - Before engaging in combat, it will scan every beast that is within your vision. The most useful thing about these scanners is that, even if they have never seen a beast before, it will be able to tell you what level the beast is at."
After the explanation with the scanners was over, Del went on to tell them how the expedition would work between the classes. Each class, together with their homeroom teacher, would be sent off to a certain area. When they reached their assigned space, the class would stay there for a while, allowing every one of the students to scan the area thoroughly. If they were to run into a beast with a tier higher than intermediate, they were advised to fall back and tell the teacher immediately.
The homeroom teacher would then inform the generals, who would come to their aid as soon as possible. In total, there were ten classes. Hence, Fay and Leo would stay in the center of these classes, so they could respond to each of their calls of distress as quickly as they could.
As soon as Del's lecture was finished, the groups began making their final preparations. While Quinn was looking around, he noticed that Logan was already tinkering around with the scanner, no doubt making adjustments to the scanner's system.
It wouldn't surprise Quinn if Logan was able to change the readings to allow his team to get the top score.
All of a sudden, he felt a soft touch on his shoulder, interrupting his observations.
"Hey, do you need one of these if we're going outside?" Fex said as he waved a strange object in front of Quinn. It looked like a flask made out of silver. The only difference was that, on the facade of the flask, a skull that had two sharp fangs on the upper jaw was displayed - It was a strange design for Quinn.
Looking at it closely, Quinn realized that the design was utterly similar to the one that the book had - The one that had given him his powers.
"What's that?" Quinn asked without really thinking about what he had just said. He was unsure whether this was common knowledge among the vampires or not.
"This is a special flask that allows us to hold the blood inside. If you used a normal flask, the blood would spoil in a few days. However, this one is specially used within the circle of vampires to keep blood fresh. Well, that is as long as it remained inside the flask. By the way, every vampire is given one." Fex explained. "If you're going to another planet with beasts as its main population, then it's best to bring one of these with you. We'll be gone for a week and I don't want to be turning into a bloodsucker."
After hearing those words, a specific memory came flooding back to Quinn's mind. It was related to the time when he did turn into a bloodsucker. Fex seemed to not rely on blood as much as Quinn. Perhaps, it was because he was closer to the next evolution. But, for Quinn, if he didn't receive blood within two days, he would turn into a bloodsucker.
Thankfully though, Quinn now had the blood bank. That, in a way, acted the same way as the flask. Still, even last time, Quinn had used up his blood bank in a fight, and eventually, was starving for blood.
On this occasion, there were others to rely on. Though it was unlikely that their group would be split again, there was always the chance.
But if vampires were required to carry around such a flask, was the blood bank also a unique skill amongst the system, one that other vampires didn't have. It had saved him so many times in the past. If Quinn could, he would have tried leveling up as fast as he could but after many battles, it still hadn't been done.
"So do you have a spare one of these?" Quinn asked as he eyed the flask.
"Of course, that's why I came over. If you didn't have the basic ring, I didn't think you would have the flask either." Fex then pulled out a similarly styled flask from the inside of his shirt and handed it straight over to Quinn.
After spending some time with Fex, Quinn really couldn't say that he was a bad guy. He did grow on him with time. 
'Maybe during this trip, I can finally ask about his shadow powers?' Fex thought, yet for some reason, while contemplating the matter, he felt guilty. He didn't know why it was the case.
Finally, Del had begun to call each group into the portal. As usual, each member had to hold onto each other's shoulders as they passed through the portal.
Quinn's group was called up and Vorden took the role of being in front.
"I'll go behind the pretty boy." Cia insisted as she grabbed onto Vorden's shoulders.
Behind her was Layla, and then Quinn, Fex, and Peter at the back.
The group took a step forward as they prepared for what was to come in their orange portal expedition.
****

EP-230 A forest out there!
Shelters were often incomplete and sometimes not all of the spawn areas had been marked yet. So they could be chucked deep into beast territory, and be there, on their own.
The fear could be felt in Cia's shoulders as Layla gripped on tightly. While Cia slid down her hands towards a certain place on Vorden's body. She inched closer and closer and went down lower. If they weren't in the middle of being warped, he would have turned around and pushed her, but Vorden wasn't that cruel and Raten wasn't complaining about what was happening one bit.
Finally, the distorted space ended and white light could be seen up ahead. When the white light vanished, a bright blinding light flashed in their eyes. Finally, when their eyesight slowly returned, the first thing they could see was green, lots of green. More specifically, giant green trees.
"Please, step aside to allow the other students to arrive!" A loud voice said as he pointed to his side.
Just like last time, they had arrived in one of the areas that had been circled off. When they looked at the person commanding them, he hardly looked any older than them. Most likely a recruit who had just graduated and decided to stay with the army.
The group went over to where the man pointed and it seemed there were other groups of students standing by the side waiting as well. Several soldiers were checking and coordinating with them. Making sure they stayed in place and didn't wander off.
"It's a lot better organized than our last trip?" Layla said.
"Of course, it would be," Cia replied. "A green portal planet is practically safe, you would have to be a moron to be killed on one of those. But here, an orange planet can be a huge risk so they have to be extra careful."
Cia's words rubbed the group in the wrong way. They had been involved in the Dalki attack which was devastating to them. They still had a deep scar in their minds. Although the students knew of what happened, they weren't informed which group of students had encountered the Dalki. Many of them thought it was only Ben's group that met them and died.
While standing off to the side, Quinn was able to take a good look at the shelter they were in, the planet and the shelter itself were vastly different from the one before. The first thing Quinn did, was pop up his trusty umbrella to protect him from the sun, but this time, it didn't do much to make him feel better.
Looking around, everything looked green. Giant trees, bushes, vines, and even plants that Quinn had never seen before. They were now in what Quinn would call a forest. This was why Quinn's body still felt extremely sluggish. The place was humid, hot, and sticky and it looked like he wasn't the only one being affected as everyone around was sweating heavily as well.
But Peter seemed fine. At this point, he started thinking, Peter might have gotten a better class than himself, but then he remembered, Peter digging into human flesh and he was fine with dining on blood for now.
The shelter itself was vastly different as well, in a way it looked incomplete. Most of it seemed to be made from some type of wood and mud, although the architecture was impressive. They had managed to build upon the large trees. Incorporating them into their shelter.
There were stiff large bridges made from wood and spiraling staircases that would lead you from floor to floor and tree to tree. The Ground floor where they were standing at the moment, was mostly empty and only had certain areas that had been marked out, where the teleportation spots would take you.
Upon looking upward, Quinn could see residential houses and some market shops, although nowhere near the amount compared before. But the thing that surprised him the most, was just how many residential houses there were in an orange portal like this one.
Quinn even saw children playing on the bridges above. Layla could see the surprised look on Quinn's face.
"This is one of the cheapest places for people to live in," Layla explained. "This is a tier-five city. So it doesn't have any walls to protect the citizens. Hence, they are open to attack. The soldiers will do their best to protect them but because this planet is still in the middle of exploration, their focus isn’t so much on the shelters.
"The citizens aren't required to pay tax on an orange planet, so those who can't live on earth and can't even make a living on a green portal planet end up here. Of course, red portal planets are just too dangerous in the first place, and only the strongest of military shelters and factions can survive there."
Quinn started having strange thoughts after hearing this from Layla. If it was true, those who couldn't afford a place to live on earth had no choice but to be here, then why didn't Quinn end up in one of these places like these kids?
When his parents had died, a government official had come over and explained to him that they would look after him until he was sixteen and provide him with an apartment. So why didn't these kids get the same type of treatment?
Now that he thought about it further, it was also strange when he had received the book that gave him his vampire abilities at age ten. They were so keen on trying to keep things for themselves, so why did they allow Quinn to have the book. At first, he thought it was because the book was useless, but now he was having second thoughts about the whole thing.
Thinking back, he didn't know his parents all that well and they didn't leave much behind other than the book. How did they even get the book in the first place?
"System, do you know how my parents obtained the book?" Quinn asked.
"I'm afraid I am not able to answer that question for you at this time, but in the future, if the right moment occurs I will be able to answer you."
It seemed like there was a link between Quinn's parents and the book after all. However, the system wasn't willing to share this information with him. Not until he unlocked a certain condition as explained before.
While Quinn was deep in thought, he noticed that a group of travelers had arrived at the shelter. One of the higher-ups in the military went forward to greet them and they both seemed to respect each other well.
After a brief chat, the Traveller handed the man something before heading off, back into a part of the forest where they had come from.
"They looked strong," Fex said with a grin on his face.
"That's because they are," Vorden replied. "To be able to travel through a planet alone where the level of beasts is unknown with just five of them. They have to be confident in their skills."
"What were they doing at the military shelter?" Quinn asked.
"Most likely sharing information," Vorden replied. "You see on an orange portal planet, there is more than one shelter. Different factions including the military usually set up a base here. Exploring a planet is a collective effort and once they finish scanning their parts, every shelter share information with each other. This saves time, so the different shelters aren't exploring parts of the planet that have been explored already.
The students were now being led along to an open space, and while doing so, they could see the people from the shelter and children come out from above. They looked down on the new students, peaking over from the bridge.
All of the first-year students were once again lined up in rows with the homeroom teachers at the front. While Fay and Leo stood in the middle of all the classes.
They had come to an open area of the man-made forest. The trees had been rooted and dugout, and the ground flattened. Most of what they were standing on was mud. They could also see several paths from the circle open area leading deeper into the forest. 
"Alright everyone, each class shall now explore a different path." Fay said." I hope you listen to your homeroom teachers well. The scanners will not activate until your teachers say so. So don't try to get ahead of yourselves. You will continue to follow the path and your teachers will tell you when you are in an unexplored area. Remember, to always stay on your guard, and have your scanners by your side.
My last warning to you all, you will encounter beasts on this trip, at what level I do not know. I wish you all luck!" Fay shouted.
The students saluted the two sergeants, before heading down their paths.
'I wonder what beasts we will run into' Quinn thought. Excitedly thinking about the experience points.
****

EP-231 For Erin
Because the path was originally meant for large vehicles, the students weren't bunched up in a single file but were able to spread out and take in the scenery around them.
Fex who was walking by Quinn's side took in a deep breath of fresh air. "Now this, this is what I call different." He had a huge grin on his face as he looked around the large greenery surrounding them.
While the two of them were walking, Quinn took this as his chance to ask him a few questions. Fex had already made up his mind that Quinn had always been on earth. A vampire who hadn't been back home, so he thought it was only natural to show some interest.
"So back home, there isn't anything like this?" Quinn asked, adding the word home trying to make it sound natural.
"Nah, compared to earth, and these planets with all the bright colors, our home has nothing." Fex moaned.
"While relocating they had decided to choose a mostly dark place, but they also needed an atmosphere that they could still live in. They had found the perfect place for vampires, but I don't know why, but it always felt strange to me."
The words that Fex spoke, confirmed a few things to Quinn. The vampires were indeed no longer on earth like they were when the blonde man was a vampire. At some point, they had relocated to a different planet.
Now, Quinn was even more confused about how his parents had managed to get the book.
"Don't worry, if you and I ever return to the place, I'll give you a grand tour," Fex replied. "So Quinn, you asked me a question now let me ask you one. Where did you get your shadow ability?"
Hearing these words, Quinn thought back to how the system had mentioned not to tell anyone about the shadow ability because it was something important to the vampires. 
"Just tell him you don't have permission to tell, that shall be enough for now." The System said.
"I'm afraid I don't have permission from my leader to tell you that," Quinn answered.
Fex clicked his tongue and placed his hands behind his head. "Figured as much, but the shadow ability is cool."
As they continued to walk down the path, they noticed there were plenty of plants that looked strange. At the very least they didn't resemble anything back on earth. One plant was shaped like an S and was the same size as the human body. There were several light blue ring-like patterns on it.
Upon seeing this, the other students pulled out their scanners trying to gather information. But just like Fay had said, the scanners currently weren't working. They seemed to all be linked to a device that the homeroom teacher had.
Only when he activated his device, would the other students be able to use their scanners.
Although others couldn't get any information from it, someone else could.
Quinn walked up to the plant to see if he could, there was one skill that he had, that might work.
[inspection]
[Blue ringed growth plant]
[A plant that can be used to greatly enhance the pleasure in the groin area for both the female and male parts]
"Hey, Quinn, what's up with your face man?" Vorden asked, looking at Quinn who seemed flustered for some reason. "Is it the heat? If you need a break, we can start walking at the back of the group."
"No, don't worry I'm fine," Quinn replied as he quickly moved on.
As they walked, Quinn decided to use his inspection skill on every new thing he saw. It was a great chance for him to level it up once again. There were still times when the inspection skill was unable to give him information, but while on the red portal planet it was a lifesaver. It even allowed him to get the shadow ability that was locked away in the storage unit.
Quinn had tried repeatedly using the inspection skill on a basic item such as a pen. But after about 1000 tries and no result. It seemed that the inspection skill needed to be used on new items to be able to level up once more.
The pathway came to an end and now the mud had turned into thick heavy leaves and short green plants. 
Students' pace had slowed down. Now with every step they took they had to be careful when putting their foot down. Several roots were hidden underneath the leaves and once in a while, a student would be caught in place.
"A beast!" A student cried. "A beast has me wrapped around the leg." The student's teammates who were nearby quickly jumped back and drew their weapons.
But after a while, the student calmed down and looked up at his friends. He was too embarrassed to say what had occurred.
"Sorry, false alarm, it was just a tree route." The student said, chuckling away nervously.
One of the students in his group slapped him on the back of the head and they moved forward. 
"This should be a good spot," Del said as he placed his large shield onto the floor.
They were now in an open area. There weren't as many trees and vines. It allowed them to see from all directions.  
"Students are to not travel more than two hundred meters from this spot. If you do, your scanner will notify you, indicating they will no longer work." Del explained. "For each new plant discovered you will receive 5 points, for each new beast discovery 20 points. Please remember this is not a hunting trial, there is no need for you to kill beasts.
"However, anything intermediate level and below you may try your best to go against them if you wish but any kills will not be awarded points. Still, you can keep the crystal for future use as well.
"Alright, your scanners are on!"
At the same time, each of the scanners made a ‘ding’ sound and the students rushed off in different directions. All apart from Quinn's group.
"Heh, what are you doing?" Cia complained, "Let's go, don't you want a good grade?"
Before it was always Erin, trying to get good grades but without her, it felt different. 
"Let's do this." Layla said."Let's get to the top for Erin."
Quinn liked that idea. He rushed off into a section of his own along with Peter and the rest.
They had split up a bit and when they found something interesting they would shout out to Peter to come over and scan the item.
"Over here!" Layla shouted as she spotted an odd plant that resembled an octopus.
Peter rushed over, even with his bag, his speed was great. He could see the plant using the scanner and now all he needed to do was press the red button on the scanner to start the process. 
Suddenly, he felt something crash into his side, pushing him down to the ground. 
"Pft too slow." The student said.
"That was on purpose!" Layla complained seeing that Peter was barged over.
The student then quickly took out his scanner and pressed the red button. After waiting a few moments a ‘ding’ sound was heard.
If the plant hadn't been scanned before and their team was successful in obtaining points, there would be a ‘ding, which sounds similar to cash being withdrawn.
If the item had already been scanned a big red x would appear on the scanner, with an error sound instead.
This meant that the plant the student had just scanned was a new discovery and they had obtained five points.
As Peter slowly got up from the ground he walked over to the student.
****

EP-232 From Behind
The one that had barged into Peter was also a level three ability user but slightly higher going into the 3.4 range. Meaning he not only had the power of a level three ability, but the skills to go with it.
Still, the levels felt too close. If the two were to fight and Peter's ability as an offensive ability. There was no telling who would win or not. Because of the fierce look in Peter's eye, he immediately backed out. That was until four more students had arrived and were now standing by his side.
There was one girl in the group along with the original student and three boys.
"Come on Pio, Let's just ignore these guys, We're just wasting our time with this trash and we can always go and get more points," Layla said, quite loudly so the others could hear.
"You, the pretty girl stay." The boy who had given the command was pointing at Layla. On his wrist displayed the number 5.2. Seeing this Layla knew straight away why the boy was arrogant.
Layla decided to ignore this and started to walk off while pulling Peter by his sleeve.
"I said stay!" the boy shouted. The distance between the two parties was around fifteen meters. But the boy seemed to have closed the distance at an instant speed and had already made a fist aiming towards Layla.
But Peter was not slowpoke himself and noticed the punch, managing to lift his arm blocking the attack in the dead center of his forearm. Between the wrist and elbow.
The boy could feel the impact and even heard the crack sound, it made. Although the blow wasn't strong enough to snap the bone and pierce the skin, he knew he had fractured Peter's arm.
Peter didn’t feel any pain, and nor did he cry. The boy hesitated for a moment, but then he saw Peter's hand reaching out to him. He ran to where he was before. 
Looking at Peter's arm, Layla could see it was starting to swell, but soon it would heal so she wasn't worried about him, she was more worried about what he would do. It had been a while now and the others had already noticed the changes in Peter's behavior, so in the end, Quinn decided to tell them the truth. That this was due to his involvement that brought Peter's aggressive nature.
As the boy was about to say some clever remark. Quinn and the others had arrived, including both Vorden and Cia.
The first thing Quinn had noticed was also Peter's arm.
"Peter who did this to you?" Quinn asked in annoyance. Just from the direction, Peter was looking, Quinn could tell which one it was. Peter wouldn't stop staring at him.
"Do you think you can just hurt our teammate in the middle of an assessment?" Quinn asked.
"Quinn you know you can't fight using your full strength let's just leave it be," Layla said.
Cia watching the whole thing, thought Quinn was crazy, was he trying to have a go at the other team. Of course, it made sense that one would be angry if they were to injure a teammate but Quinn was a level one. What could he do? Most of the time low levels were completely afraid of anyone above them.
'I guess he will learn his place...' Cia thought to herself.
"Hey, umbrella boy, why are you the leader…" As the boy said that he looked at Quinn's wristwatch and blurted out a laugh. "You should be down on your knees begging for me to show you mercy, boy."
Quinn had a fake smile on his face, hiding the anger behind it. "Why would I beg with someone weaker than me?"
At that point, the boy was too aggravated. He was already annoyed at the fact that a level one even tried to talk back to him. The boy used his super-speed powers to launch off his feet at amazing speed going straight for Quinn.
"You should have just said sorry," Cia said watching from behind.
The speed was impressive and was even faster than Quinn at top speed, but there was one skill where speed meant nothing. He looked into the boy's eyes.
[Daze]
[Daze skill successful]
Quinn had used the skill at the right time, making the boy stop right in front of him.  
"You broke my friend's arm, so it's only right I break yours," Quinn said as he grabbed and pulled one arm forward while slamming his fist down on the forearm.
Quinn had tried his best to contain his strength when dealing with the blow, but it was still too strong with his gauntlets equipped. Unlike Peter, the bone had snapped and pierced the skin.
Howls of pain were heard immediately. His friends were shocked. They didn't know what happened, but it looked like the boy had stopped just in front of Quinn, and let him hit.
'Was he too cocky?' They thought. Maybe because it was a level one, he was trying to give Quinn a chance, not realizing he had some strength or weak ability.
As soon as they saw their friend injured though, each of them drew their weapons and prepared their ability. While Quinn's group had done the same.
But Vorden wasn't too happy about the current situation. For right now he hadn't copied any useful ability he could use.
Cia was a little nervous since this was the last outcome she had expected, but right now she was on Quinn's team and would help her team out if a fight was to break out.
The two groups looked like they were ready to clash. 
Before they even got the chance, a loud bang was heard. When they looked over in the direction, they could see that Del had placed his large shield down hitting it into the ground.
The two groups were only around fifty meters from the outskirts. The scream was so loud that it had caught Del's attention and he immediately came rushing over after checking there were no beasts around.
"Enough!" he shouted. "This event is about working together. Although it is a competition this is only to encourage you to work harder rather than slack off. You are not to fight against each other."
Del then looked at the boy's arm which had been broken. "Take him to the center, I'll try to see if there is anyone with a healing ability that can help him out. As for you guys." Del said pointing at Quinn and the others. He still hadn't forgotten both Vorden's and Quinn's faces. They were the two students who had made him risk his life in the redo portal world.
"For severely harming another team's teammate, you shall be deducted fifty points for whatever total score you receive on today's assessment."
"But they attacked us first!" Layla complained.
"I see no injuries on any of your party members," Del replied.
When they went to look at Peter, they found out it was true. Peter's arm had already healed and it didn't look like he had even been hit.
With that, the group was to take their punishment and carry on with the task.
"Come on, we need to be more aggressive if we still want to come out on top while we're already at a disadvantage," Quinn said.
The team nodded and got to work again.
The group was fifty points behind now which was the same as them finding ten plants. That one argument over a single plant had cost the team a lot.
But Cia tried not to smile. How could these guys be crazy enough to think that they could come back from a deficit like that? However, crazy wasn't bad, Cia liked crazy.
Although there was still one thing she couldn't understand. It seemed like everyone in the group was listening to Quinn's orders, not only that but when he was being aggressive with the other team, not a single one of them had stepped in.
'Was it cause they knew what the result was going to be?' She thought. 'No it can't be, I'm probably just overthinking it.'
*****

EP-233 Battle for points
"Damn this has been scanned already!" A student complained.
"Yes, there's another one here that's two now!" Another yelled out.
Some of the weaker groups decided to stay together, as they went around.
Although this stopped other teams from snatching points from them, their progress was relatively slower than those who roamed alone. The stronger groups decided it would be best to split up, this way they were able to cover a wider range, while the other groups decided to do a mixture of something in between.
Even though the group thought that Del was being harsh in his punishment, it wasn't truly the case. He had planned to do something similar beforehand but wasn't quite sure how to do it until the incident gave him an excuse.
Quinn's group had an extra person, so they were at an advantage compared to others. But since there was only one scanner, it was hard to say how much influence an extra member could give.
But after seeing Vorden and Quinn's faces once more, his emotions got the better of him as a teacher, and he decided to give them quite a setback.
Out of the strategies implemented by different groups... To catch up to the others, Quinn's group decided to do a mixture of the two.
They decided that they would travel around in pairs.
Quinn and Peter, Layla and Vorden, and lastly Fex and Cia. In the beginning, there was some disagreement about the pairings, but eventually, they agreed on this setup, at the end of the day it would be better for Peter to be with Quinn, and Vorden refused to team up with Cia, so that left him with Layla and Fex with Cia to make the relative strength of each group about the same.
It was important for them to have one strong member with a support-type member. Although Layla and Cia could have gone together, if they were to confront a beast, or a similar situation happened with Peter there wasn't much that they could do.
The group had already split up, and while everyone was off looking for some new items to discover, Quinn noticed something peculiar. There were ten groups yet, nearly every group had a single member that acted as a type of mule.
A person designated to carry their belongings.
After a closer inspection, he also noticed that these mules were people who had the lowest levels in their group. Nevertheless, they would still wander off and look around as instructed by their team.
'Wouldn't this be the perfect chance?' Quinn thought. Right now, they weren't in school, and many of the students had separated from each other. If he was to take a sample of their blood and mind control them afterwards to forget what had happened, no one would ever know what he had done.
It was the perfect crime in such a perfect situation!
"Pio, over here!" Cia shouted. Peter then dashed off in the direction that Cia had yelled but Quinn didn't follow. Instead, he set his eyes on a target.
A lone female student had been designated to carry her team's luggage. She seemed to be disheartened by the whole thing and was searching through the trees and vines with a crestfallen face. It was obvious that she didn't feel like, she was doing anything substantial or that she was even a part of the team.
She bent down to look at a certain plant behind the tree, when she lifted her head again, Quinn was standing in front of her. He didn't say much because he needed to act as quickly as possible.
Although they were covered by the trees and vines there was always a chance that someone could see him.
Quinn grabbed her hand as fast as he could and made a small scratch on her palm, her blood was now on the tip of his gauntlet. After placing it on his tongue the system message appeared.
[Blood type A+ Consumed]
[Strength 20]
Quinn was disappointed a little since he was hoping to obtain O-type blood to increase his charm stat. Right now, his selection was limited.
He had to choose low-level students with lackluster abilities who most likely had a weak mind too. But if his charm skills eventually increased, the pool of people to choose from would also increase directly proportional to his charm skills.
[Influence Skill Activated]
The girl's eyes started to glow slightly red, a clear indication that his skill was active. Quinn informed the girl to forget about the event that just occurred. Nothing strange has happened. To her, it would feel as if she had forgotten what she was about to do.
Before ending the spell, Quinn placed some of his saliva over the small cut allowing it to heal instantly, before heading back towards the center as he continued his exploration.
While the others were busy calling out to Peter and looking for new things, Quinn was looking around to see if he could spot any other strays, that weren't with their group, and was also in a well-hidden area as if they were hiding their shame and embarrassment to the others due to being designated as a luggage-carrying mule.
Eventually, Quinn managed to find two more students and he used the same tactic as before, getting him another 2 stat points.
Quinn managed to get another blood type O, increasing his charm points to 14, while also obtaining another blood type A increasing his strength.
*****
Fay and Leo were standing together at the starting point where all the groups had split off. They stood there silently. Leo didn't talk much, and Fay didn't know how to speak with him.
Suddenly, a beeping sound was heard from their watches, indicating that one of the teams had asked for help.
"I'll get to it!" Fay said as she stormed off at lightning speed in the direction of one of the paths. Fay was meant to be the first one to respond since her ability was super speed, but she felt even more obliged to act due to the awkward situation between her and Leo.
Leo stood there, taking in the fresh smell around him but it was quickly disturbed as another beep reverberated from his watch.
"Another one?" Leo said. "Is this planet more dangerous than we thought? I hope there aren't any more calls." Leo said as he ran in a different direction from where Fay had gone.
He had hoped that perhaps the teachers were only being trigger happy, sending out a signal prematurely. It was always better for them to be on the cautious side when it came to these things.
But the fact that two signals were sent out at the same time, concerned Leo.
*****
The group had managed to obtain 25 points in total. They also discovered and scanned a peculiar type of rock mineral in the mix. Still, they were vastly behind the others and their weighted points at the end of everything would be -25.
What they were doing at this moment wasn't working and they needed a change of plan. The quickest way for them to earn points would be to find beasts. But right now, there didn't seem to be any beasts in the area as not a single group of students had encountered one just yet.
But once they moved away from this area at Del's command, which was when Quinn and his group would change their focus. The weaker groups wouldn't dare to risk it by going up against such things.
*Ding Ding Ding*
Just then, a few meters away from Quinn, one of the scanners had made three dings. A sound that he hadn't heard yet. Del didn't even bother explaining to the students the meaning of the dings, but they soon found out what the sounds meant.
The scanner pointed at what looked like a boulder that was stuck in the ground. The top part could be seen, and it had several areas of green moss growing over it.
But after the student had finished scanning the unique object. He took a few steps backward.  Panic was evident on his face.
"A beast!" He shouted. "I found a beast!"
****

EP-234 New kill
However, there were a few students who moved forward, these tended to be the stronger ones or those that enjoyed the battle aspect more. Even though they would no longer obtain any points from scanning the beast, they could still kill it and obtain the beast's crystal.
One of the students who was moving closer turned out to be Quinn. The system granted him a special bonus when he first killed a beast. Though, this beast has never been seen by humans before. 
Perhaps being the first person to kill such a beast would also grant him additional points.
The idea that perhaps the system would reward him even further than this, drove him to have a keen interest.
Still, he stood a few steps away from the results everyone was waiting for.
The team that had discovered the beast gathered around the scanner which displayed basic information about the beasts, and after reading one line they were excited. It was a basic tier beast.
Keeping this secret to themselves they immediately dashed forward. If it was an intermediate tier beast the group might have been a little cautious but a basic tier was easy pickings for a team of five.
Seeing the team of five, Quinn was upset about how hesitant he had been. But he couldn't act right now in front of these people. It wasn't worth it, but maybe there was something he could do.
The beast that the group was chasing looked like an ordinary boulder that was stuck in the ground. It was nearly impossible to tell the difference between the boulders that had been there covered in moss and a beast.
Even now as the students charged towards the thing, there was no reaction from the beast. It still looked like a boulder.
Seeing this an idea came to Quinn's mind. He ran aside the students who were captivated by what was happening and entered a different part of the forest.
"What's he doing?" Fex thought as he saw Quinn dart off to the side. Fex too decided to go off and keep an eye on what Quinn was trying to do.
"Come on guys, we can't waste time just watching this thing, let's carry on looking around," Vorden said.
The other groups felt the same way, while others decided to stay and watch what a beast would look like on the planet they were on.
The student’s hand who was leading the charge, turned into a brick-like substance, while the other students behind also drew their weapons and had their abilities readied.
The student at the front slammed his fist into the boulder, a loud impact was heard but there was no reaction.
The ones from behind had also decided to use their attacks on the strange boulder-like beast but the same had happened and it seemed like the shell was nearly impossible to break.
"Is this thing a beast?" the student asked. "I understand if it has a hard shell but then why isn't it doing anything when I attack it?"
Seeing that the so-called beast was doing nothing and not wanting to waste any more time, the students continued to scan around for other things.
However, there were some more students who tried hurting the beast hoping to get the crystal, but there was no such luck. They felt like if they took the time they perhaps could have figured out how to deal with the beast.
But to put in so much effort to only get a basic crystal in return, didn't make much sense to them.
While everyone else had now lost interest in the beast, Quinn had not. He went through the forest using his inspection skill on every boulder type thing he could see. Most of them were just that, regular boulders, but then he had finally achieved a result.
[Basic tier beast, Boulder snail]
[A beast that has an incredibly hard outer shell. The beast will only move in rain]
Quinn had traveled quite a distance away from the others, a little too much that he was now properly out of the zone. If he was to use his team's scanner it would register that he was out of the area Del had mentioned.
Right now, he was only focused on one thing, unaware that the others were unable to defeat the beast, Quinn thought he was under a time frame. He wanted to be the first person to kill the beast.
After hearing about the description, he had an idea. Quinn stopped just in front of the boulder and readied himself. He looked around him just in case, even though he was out of the area the students were supposed to be in, he was unsure if there might have been a stray.
"Doesn't look like anyone's around," Quinn said.
He was unaware that he was being watched by Fex. Using strings as he walked between trees in the air, he made his movements silently, and now he was carefully watching Quinn from above.
Quinn stomped his foot onto the ground, raised the energy inside him, and pulled back his arm as he let his other fist outward at the same time, he activated his skill Blood spray to create his still most powerful strike. Blood hammer.
If he couldn't damage the outside then he would go for an attack that hurt the inside. As his fist hit the shell, the powerful impact caused a loud bang.
It sounded like someone had shot off a bullet in the middle of the forest. The beast had a large crack in the boulder and black liquid was slowly dripping out from it.
"Was that the hammer strike!" Fex said as he watched in shock. "But I thought he was a complete beginner? No, he is a complete beginner."
The hammer strike was an advanced move that was only usually taught to students after they understood the basics of martial arts. But after teaching Quinn, Fex decided to not teach him anything else. Yet, here he had just witnessed Quinn perform a skill beyond the basic martial arts just like the flash step.
"So he really must have a teacher then, maybe they're the one that taught him the shadow ability as well? I need to find out more." Fex thought
[Basic beast has been killed]
[50 exp gained]
[First time killing Boulder snail]
[100 bonus Exp gained]
[You are the first person to kill a Boulder snail, 5000 bonus exp gained]
"Looks like I made it in time," Quinn said. After looking at the results of being the first person to kill such a beast, he was even happier with the decision he made.
Now the loud sound that erupted from the impact of the blood hammer on the beast's shell had echoed throughout the forest. Even the students who were two hundred meters or so could hear it, but they chose to ignore it since the sound was a distance away. It wasn't their concern.
But the sound had traveled a good distance. Within its chambers, a large figure dwelling deep inside a cave awoke. Bloodshot red eyes flared open as it made its move towards the sound.
****

EP-235 Too high to handle
She swirled around, and struck the snake-like beast from the tail up, slicing its body in half.
"Was that all of them!" Fay said in an annoyed voice as she looked at the shy female teacher.
"Yes!" the teacher replied as she bowed her head in shame.
After the distress call was received from one of the groups, Fay came at full speed towards the area. It seemed like the students had encountered a group of intermediate-tier beasts.
The snake-like creature hung above the trees. When the students entered the area to explore, they had dropped down. The female teacher was frightened, and before even confirming what level of beasts they were, she had asked for help.
When Fay arrived, she was annoyed. She could tell just from a glance that these beasts weren't above the intermediate level and as the students including the teacher herself engaged in combat, she could as well.
But once the distress signal was already called, it meant Fay had to check it out no matter what, and while she was here she felt like she should quickly help the students deal with the situation.
An intermediate beast could be dealt with by a group of five but it would still be a hard task and distract them from their goal.
Looking at the teacher, Fay was about to give her a scolding, just then, a *Ding sound was heard and her watch lit up again.
"Another one, I swear if this is the same thing, I will be having a word with all the first-year teachers when I get back." with those words said in anger, she left the site
The teacher felt like fate was on her side, and had stopped her from getting a scolding as she wiped the sweat from her forehead.
****
[5330/400 Exp]
[You are now level 13]
[2 stat points have been gained]
[4930/800 Exp]
[You are now level 14]
[2 stat points have been gained]
[4130/1600 Exp]
[You are now level 15]
[2 stat points have been gained]
[2530/3200exp points]
For defeating the new type of beast, Quinn had gained a bonus of 5000 points which had leveled him up a total of three times, and now he also had six free stat points to play with.
This was the result of being the first to kill an undiscovered beast and it was only the basic tier. So far the system had always rewarded Quinn more when killing beasts of a higher tier.
Although, he did receive less Exp for killing a basic tier beast after evolving, similar to how he obtained no Exp from fighting low-level students. If this was to continue, as Quinn leveled up he would not only have to look for higher-level opponents but also higher-level beasts for Exp.
Did this mean at some point, Quinn would no longer receive Exp? There had to be a cap to these things, and once Quinn was strong enough, he would no longer be able to obtain Exp even from the strongest of enemies.
But Quinn could never imagine that happening.
For now, he thought it was best if he was to keep these stat points in reserve. The stat points automatically add up when he consumes blood, especially O-type. Quinn would have to immediately, choose what the stat would go into before progressing.
However, it wasn't the same when leveling up. The stat could be saved and just underneath his status screen a number would appear displaying how many stat points he could use.
Quinn wanted to place the stat points into his charm skill. It was more beneficial for him to increase this skill so he could get more blood in the future. But right now there wasn't anyone else traveling on their own and it would be hard for him to not be caught.
Still, the orange portal planet was a dangerous place, and Quinn didn't know when he might need to use his other stats for dangerous situations.
Before leaving the area, Quinn managed to shove his hand into the small crack he had made. The shell now seemed a lot softer and was easier to break. Since the beast was dead, the crystal inside was no longer powering its defensive capabilities.
After swirling his hand around inside the beast, he eventually felt a solid object and pulled the crystal out. Even though it was only a basic tier crystal. Quinn was already thinking about what type of armor the crystal could be used for.
It had a good defense after all, so it would be best made into, either a defensive item or a piece of armor.
The crystal was stored in his system inventory.
Quinn had returned to his group and he could see Fex by Cia's side as well. He had managed to leave just after seeing Quinn kill the beast, and did not see what Quinn had done with the crystal after.
As Quinn walked past him and went to join up with Peter, Fex did his best to look as unsuspicious as possible. He started whistling away while looking through the trees.
"Did you do something wrong?" Cia asked. She could tell that Fex was acting strange ever since he returned. Hearing this, Caused Fex to jolt back a bit.
"No, I'm just getting bored. Why would I have anything to hide? Maybe you have something to hide, and that's why you're accusing me of having something to hide?" Fex replied.
"You know, that's a classic line by someone who's been caught," Cia replied as she walked off, already uninterested in whatever Fex was trying to hide.
It had been over an hour now and the group had a total of sixty points. They had finally recovered from their deficit. They were unable to see where they were, as none of the groups knew each other's scores. But they had a rough idea from watching, and with the fifty-point deduction, they wouldn't be surprised if they were still in the last place…
Now when students were scanning items with the scanner, it would constantly come up with an error. Fifteen minutes had passed and there wasn't a single sound indicating the students had found something. The only beast that was found was the strange boulder beast as well.
"I guess it's time for us to move on," Del said. A larger device was tied around his waist, which looked like a larger version of the scanner the students had. After pressing several buttons on his scanner. A sound was heard, and suddenly, none of the students were able to scan anything at the moment.
"Alright students, everyone gather up in the center, it's time for us to move on to the next area!" Del shouted.
As the students started to walk over to Del, loud low sounds could be heard, and vibration could be felt underneath their feet.
"What is that?!" A student said worried as the loud sounds were consistent.
It was clear that something large was coming towards them, and it wasn't human.
The loud sounds started to get louder and now they could hear trees crashing into the ground. 
Every student was looking in the direction from where the sound was coming. Two of the trees closest to the open part of the forest were knocked down, and now they could see what was making all that noise.
The large beast stood on all fours and had a long neck. There was no fur, and it resembled something similar to a dinosaur. Even the size was something similar to what they would have imagined. The only difference was on its back it seemed to have a large flower bud. It completely covered it from its neck to its tail.
The students picked up their scanners and immediately started to scan the beast. The size wasn't always the indicator of strength. Quickly, they realized their scanners had been turned off by Del and they were unable to tell the level of the beast.
But for Quinn, it was different.
[Advanced tier beast Flora Saur]
[Unable to obtain further information]
****

EP-236 A teacher's duty
They didn't know why, but Quinn was shocked after seeing the beast. “Perhaps it was his vampire senses telling him this was a strong beast,” Vorden thought.
But it wasn't the case, Fex stood unaware of the danger in front of them. Some vampires were able to sense how dangerous a beast was, but Fex's senses still weren't at that level yet. So to him it just looked like any other beast, only this one was a little larger.
After finding out it was an advanced tier beast, Quinn didn't even think about the possibility of trying to defeat it because of its experience points. Last time, he almost died fighting against an intermediate beast.
There was no way for Quinn to tell how strong the intermediate beast he fought against was, some were stronger than others, but whenever there was a jump up in the level of beast tiers. There was a definite strength difference.
He didn't have the confidence to defeat it, and not while hiding his abilities. Even though Fex was by his side, who had supposedly killed ten advanced tier beasts. Fex had the same problem as Quinn, he too was unable to reveal himself in front of this many people.
However, if Fex honestly did know the level of the beast, even he would have been frightened. Fex like Quinn faced an intermediate beast and barely made it out alive. He wasn't strong enough to easily deal with one and not while hiding his powers.
The students were also frightened, mostly because of the size of the beast. It came out of the forest and stopped right in front of them and was now glaring at everyone. The beast was a little larger than a two-floor house. While its long neck stretched out causing a shadow to be cast over the students at the front.
Seeing the beast, Del nervously took the larger scanner from his side. His hands were shaking as he pointed it at the creature, and after a few seconds, his fears were confirmed. It was an advanced-level beast.
Del was never much of a fighter, and his ability also didn't support that fact. Immediately, he started tapping his wristwatch. Sending out a distress signal. He was unaware of how many times he had pressed the button.
Del just wanted one of the sergeants to appear in front of them now.
Out of all the students, Quinn was the first to take a step away, trying to get a head start on the other students, but the sound of his steps caused the leaves to ruffle, and the creature's head turned and immediately looked at Quinn.
"Maybe moving isn't a good idea," Layla said.
"Yeah, while it's not being aggressive, let's not do anything," Quinn replied.
Del had felt the same way, which was why he hadn't shouted at the students to run away or retreat. The sudden movements could frighten the beasts. Most beasts were hostile towards humans, but the higher tiers seemed to have more intelligence, and some would leave humans alone.
Although, that didn't stop the humans from hunting them for their crystals.
Del was hoping that the students at least knew this basic knowledge, and wouldn't try attacking the beast, giving them all the best chance for survival.
The bud on the beast's back slowly started to open up, revealing a pink center. Out of the pink center, six vines rose in the air before dropping down and falling to the beast's side.
The vines seemed to be alive and being controlled by the beast. Although the beast wasn't moving, the vines were stretching out from the buds as if there was no end in sight.
One of the vines had reached the student closest to the beast. The end of the vine was slightly larger, and looked similar to the head of the beast itself but was still green in color. Right now, the head of the vine was floating directly about in front of the student.
His heart was beating loudly, and he now had his eyes closed, hoping that if he couldn't see the beast, it would somehow calm down his nerves.
After waiting a while, nothing happened. The student eventually opened his eyes, at that moment, the head of the vine opened up and attached itself to the student.
Using both hands, he grabbed onto the vine and tried to pull as hard as he could, but it was no use. The suction and sticky-ness of the vine were too strong, and he couldn't break free.
The vine lifted the student high into the air and towards the beast's mouth. As it opened up its mouth, several sharp teeth could be seen, and the beats took a bite that caused nearly half of the student's body to disappear.
"Everyone run! It's a hostile advanced tier beast!" Del shouted as he ran into a random part of the forest.
Most of the students decided to follow where Del had gone. It was an instinct for students when in time of need to rely on adults. Especially since Del was their teacher and was meant to be there for their guidance.
The beast continued to use its vines to grab the students closest and as they screamed in pain and cried out for their teacher's help. Del closed his eyes and tried to ignore them.
"If I go back and try to save them now, we could all die. This is the right thing to do," he told himself.
The students who had gotten a head start had managed to create a distance between them and the beast. The beast still hadn't moved and was busy eating the students, it caught.
However, while Del was running blindly through the forest, he was aware of a great problem. The distress signal sent from the watch was only a signal sent to the sergeants.
As stated before, the GPS tracker and other features of the watch didn't work well or not at all on other planets. Even the scanner could only work with the technology of the master scanner that Del held.
The system was designed in a way, that when a signal was sent, the sergeants could tell which team was signaling them. They would then head over in that direction. If Leo or Fay was to head there now, they would have no clue where del or the other students had gone.
But right now they had no choice. Suddenly, the loud sound of the footsteps could be heard coming in their direction once again. The beast was on the move and had finished its snack.
Quinn's group was quite fast and was just behind Del. Peter had picked up Layla and held her in his hands while surprisingly, Cia was able to keep up with them.
Fex and Quinn were not traveling at full speed as they made sure to stay behind Del. Unaware that Del had no plan.
The students at the back could hear the booming footsteps getting louder and louder. In the end, the temptation got the better of them. They turned around and were caught by one of the vines.
Some of the students were a bit smarter in their movements and would travel in between trees, making it harder for the beast to catch them. Still, it did nothing to slow down the main beast's body as it would continue to bulldoze its way through the trees.
When Del wad made it past another tree, they had finally come out to an open area. A small vertical wall with vines on could be seen. Most likely the side of a mountain. Del thought about attempting to climb it but would take some time for them to scale, and the beast would catch up to them by then.
The open area was quite large, to the left and right there were two paths, but they were slightly slanted going uphill and Del didn't like their chances of outrunning the beast.
"We have no choice, we have to turn and fight!" Del shouted.
The forty or so students knew the seriousness of the situation. They turned around facing the forest which they had just exited from and prepared their weapons and abilities.
A few moments later and the beast came crashing through, with trees flying off to the side.
"If we want to live, I might have to fight with everything I've got," Quinn said.
****

EP-237 The power of support
The vines continued to hover around the beast’s side as if they were alive like snakes. While the main body of the beast charged straight ahead into the students. Like a whip, the vines were used to knock the students who were closest to it.
It caused quite a deep cut amongst the student's body that had been hit. They felt like they had been hit with a sword. The attack was so fast and sharp that it even felt like one.
Some of the students that saw their friends hurt started to rush towards them.
"No, don't!" Del shouted. Del had propped his shield up and dug it into the ground while staying behind. His ability wasn't that great so all he could do was stay at the back, near the mountain wall.
"Healers and support-type abilities come and stay behind me, we don't want you to get hurt!" Del commanded. "Anyone who uses a beast weapon as their main attack, come closer to me now."
They did as their teacher told them to. Right now, the element abilities were busy distracting the beast, aiming for the attack against the legs while other students would try their best to block the vines.
The one using beast weapons as their main attack went to Del, while he was placing his hand on each item.
"I wonder what he's doing?" Quinn thought as he went over to take a closer look.
"My ability allows me to double the strength and durability of any beast weapon for a limited time. We need to defeat the beast before time runs out." Quinn overhead Del said.
Hearing this, Quinn too lined up waiting for the teacher. Those who had their equipment improved went to join in the fight with the other students.
There was a mixture of people, some were scared, some felt like they had no choice but to fight, and a few of them enjoyed the thrill of a fight and couldn't help themselves but join in.
Quinn was the last to line up and eventually, it got to his turn.
"Boy, there's no point wasting this on you." Del said." Will you even get in a fight? Besides, I can only use my ability so many times in a day. It would be a waste on you."
These words had angered Quinn. If he wasn't going to use his vampire abilities, he thought he might be able to help out greatly just using his beast weapons. With all the students attacking the beast at once, it would be hard for them to tell where the bulk of the damage had come from.
"What about you?" Quinn said. "Why are you allowed to hide back here, while the others are attacking and defending. Is this shield just for show?"
"Yeah, you try to be a smartass," Del replied. "As you can see, I'm here protecting all the students behind me."
As Quinn looked at the students behind Del. He could see many of them with fear and shock on their faces. A few even had tears in their eyes as they saw their friends get hurt.
"I have to help him!" A woman cried as she went running forward, but her friend quickly pulled her back towards their group.
"Don't! I know you want to try to save him, but if you get hurt, we can't save anyone." Another female replied.
Out of all the students in Del's class. Her ability worked more like a buff, increasing the overall strength of a student, but still, it would be better than leaving them out there.
About eight of the students had been attacked by the vine-like whip. It seemed like the beast had stopped eating students while there were many around attacking it.
Still, the wounds on these students were quite bad and the two of them were unable to move.
After hearing what Del said, Quinn didn't want to help out, but after seeing the sad look on the faces of the others he knew he had to do something.
"Pio come!" Quinn shouted as he dashed off towards the fallen students on the ground.
"Is he going to try to save them?" A student asked.
"No, he's only a level one, he must just be an idiot."
Peter wasn't the only one that was following Quinn, right now on his other side Fex was running closely behind him as well.
"I'll cover you, while you do whatever you want to do, but you will owe me one after this," Fex said with a wink.
As the three boys got closer to the beast the vines started to head towards them slashing out at an incredible speed. The first one was towards Peter who attempted to grab the vine but it was just too fast.
It had slipped through and sliced the palm of his hands quite deep. As usual, there was no pain and his hand was already starting to heal.
Now on the other side, another vine was coming towards them and this time it was Fex's turn. Fex was a vampire and was unable to use his ability just like Quinn. However, there was a clear advantage of Fex's ability over others.
When using his string ability it was almost invisible to the human eye. As the vine came towards him, spread both his hands out and slashed it downward cutting the head of the vine right off.
However, just like with Peter, the vines seemed to have an incredible recovery speed and right now the head was starting to form out of the cut cells by Fex.
Quinn placed his finger into the student's blood around the chest. It was too far away for the other students to see the finer details and everyone else was busy fighting the beast.
Quickly shifting his hand into his mouth, he quickly picked up the student and rushed back to the others.
[Ab blood type consumed]
[Stamina 18]
Quinn repeated this process with the other students who had been hit. In total, he managed to save five students and at the same time consumed their blood.
While the others had been flung away or were too deep fighting in the carnage for Quinn to get the chance to consume their blood.
All in all, Quinn had gotten stronger.
[strength 23]
[Agility 19]
[Stamina 18]
[Charm 16]
Fex didn't let Quinn's strange habits go unnoticed. Even if he did enjoy the taste of blood greatly like some vampires did, to do so in the middle of a battle was a bit crazy.
While Quinn was busy looking at his stats and the two by his side were busy dealing with the vines, a third vine had already set its sight on Quinn.
When the two had looked at each other. The vine had set its target. It reached out as far as it could to grab onto Quinn. But he wasn't as nimble, he moved back and saw the vine would soon catch up.
Just as the vine was about to reach Quinn, its movements suddenly slowed, and Quinn was able to create a distance between the two. He looked around seeing what possibly could have been the cause.
That's when he noticed the strange ghost-like spear, half of its body inside an elephant.
"The spirit spear?" Quinn said confusingly, upon looking back. he could see Cia had decided to help out by using her spear.
****

EP-238 Berserk mode
However, the fact that the beast was slowed down didn't go unnoticed. A second spear was thrown and had landed in the same spot on the beast's legs. The effect of two spears had stacked and now the beast was 20 percent slower than it usually would have been, and also twenty percent weaker.
The students took advantage of this temporary weakness. Their attacks which were bouncing off the beast are now damaging it, and the vines that were troubling slowed down.
Still, the beast was strong and even at 80 percent of its strength, it was able to fend off the attacks from forty different students.
Cia threw her spirit spears at the beast. At most though, she was only able to stack up two spears. Whenever she would throw a third spear into the beast the first one would have already lasted for five seconds and disappear.
Her ability was perfect for situations like this. The beast was a big target and other than its vines, its main body wasn't too fast unless it was running in a straight line.
If she was to go up against other beasts, even some intermediate beats, it might have been harder for her to use her ability, but right now, she was one of the most important people when it came to taking down this creature.
"If only we could make it even weaker," Del said.
At that moment, a blonde stood by Cia's side, and in his hand, he too had a spirit spear.
"Looks like you have quite a good ability there," Vorden said as he threw the spear into the beast's leg.
With Vorden and Cia using their spirit spears, the beast now had lost 40 percent of its overall strength. It was nearly half of what it used to be.
The students were now doing even better than before, and even the ones whose weapons had been reinforced by Del were working.
Quinn no longer felt the need for him or Fex to get involved when fighting the beast. The students that had been brought back by Quinn were getting treatment from the support students.
Now that the beast's movements had slowed, they had joined the battle and went to support their teammates using buffs and other skills. The only one that remained in position with a smile on his face was Del. "This is brilliant, it looks like these students might be able to take down and advance beast after all. I might even get a promotion for this!" Del thought excitedly.
Looking at him, Quinn felt like he could read his teacher like an open book. Especially after their earlier interaction. He got the sense that Del was quite a selfish person and he was right. Even now, although the situation had gotten better it wasn't perfect.
Students still ended up dying, but all Del could think about was himself.
After a good fifteen minutes of constant attacks from most of the students, other than Quinn, Fex decided to lay low. Even Peter and Layla were actively helping.
The beast now looked heavily injured. It lifted its front two feet into the air and slammed them onto the ground. The mass weight of the beast caused the ground to shake around the students a little. It also served as a reminder to the other student that this beast was still mighty strong.
The beast repeatedly did this action as it roared and screamed, at the same time, the vines that were coming off from the bud on its back swung more widely.
"What is this, have the spears warned off or something?" A student said.
But looking at the beast, the spears from Vorden and Cia remained. They continued to attack the beast. Although at this point, Cia was feeling incredibly drained along with Vorden. They had been using their abilities nonstop and didn't know how much longer they could last.
The beast used its long head and looked back into the forest. The next moment, it started running back from where it came from. The students who stood behind the beast rolled and dived out of the way, in fear of getting trampled on.
"Should we chase it, if it's running away doesn't that mean it's nearly dead?" A student asked.
Quinn also had the same thought. If the beast was injured and the others weren't going to chase it. Then maybe he could. Killing an advanced beast would gain him an enormous amount of exp points.
"Nobody should chase the beast!" Del shouted. "Some advanced type beasts and above have something called a berserker mode.  Once injured to a certain point, if the beast feels like it's stuck in a corner. It will activate its berserker mode, sometimes increasing its strength several times."
After hearing Del's explanation, Quinn had second thoughts about chasing the beast. He was reminded of the beast’s strength before the debuff from Vorden and Cia. On top of that, forty students were fighting it at once.
If a single person was given the task to deal with the advanced beast, Quinn couldn't imagine anyone coping. All of the vines would be free to attack you along with the main body of the beast.
Even if it didn't have a berserker mode, Quinn didn't like his chances of beating the beast alone. He would have to let go of this one. 
When the beast dashed towards the forest, and a minute had passed without it returning. They knew that they had achieved a victory.
Cheers and congratulations were shouted out between friends and classmates. They had managed to survive such an intense ordeal.
Many of the students had gone up to those who had put themselves on the front line. Congratulating them for being brave and attacking the beast from the beginning. This included Del who had come over.
It was no surprise, Quinn after all had contributed nothing to chase away. The other students deserved the praise.
But then. A female with light pink hair stepped in front of Quinn and bowed down to him. As she lifted her head her eyes were filled with tears.
"Thank you… so much for saving my friend." The pink-haired girl said. After that, she hurried off to join her teammates.
The thanks should have made Quinn feel good but it didn't. It had made Quinn feel bad instead.
Originally, he had only gone out there not to save the students, but because he saw it as an opportunity to take their blood. Just like Del, his reactions were because of selfish reasons not because he was trying to be a hero.
He didn't deserve the praise.
When the students had all settled down, they decided to have a minute of silence, out of respect for the students that had been lost. But they couldn't spend much time because they were in a serious situation right now.
The beast had chased the group quite a distance away from their original location. Not only that but Del had no clue where they were or how to get back. While running away he had headed in a random direction and didn’t take a note.
There were no maps for the planet since the place was still undiscovered.
"What do we do now?" A student asked Del.
Leo had arrived at the camp where the distress signal had come from. Before arriving here, he had dealt with two more incidents from other camps. It was clear that this planet was quite active with beasts.
Still, it was too early to tell, whether it was worthy of the decision to make it a red portal planet. If there was only a few advanced tier beast and they got rid of them, then they could give the planet a green grade.
For the first time though after arriving at the location of a distress call. There were no students around. Leo started to hunt around for clues when the sounds of large heavy footsteps could be heard heading in his direction.
"Now what do we have here?"  Leo said.
****

EP-239 Where are we?
It didn't matter how many trees or obstacles were blocking his path. Whatever was heading towards him, he would be able to see it clearly, and that he did. A large flame of red energy seemed to be spiraling in his direction.
The energy of the beast seemed to be getting wilder on the outside but upon looking closer, towards the core of the beast's crystal. Leo could see the energy was being more condensed. The flames of aura were entering the crystal, while the leftovers were sparkling on the outside.
This was what happened when a beast was just about to go into berserker mode. Soon the Condensed energy would explode and the power of the beast would temporarily increase.
"If it gets to that point it might be a little bit inconvenient." Leo moaned as he drew out his trusty sword. There was no need for Leo to move from the spot he was in, the beast was already coming towards him, so he waited.
Finally, the beast had arrived barging itself through, knocking the trees down in its path. Unfortunately, Leo was unable to see that the beast itself was injured from the battle with the students.
His ability allowed him to see the outline of the beast and the things around him but he wasn't able to see the finer details. If the beast was nearly dead he could tell from their aura but this one still had plenty of life.
Immediately six, lines of red energy came whipping out at Leo. Focusing his mind, he waited until all paths of the red energy crossed each other, in that moment he took a single swing of his blade. The six vines that had come out at him had all been sliced off.
Leo could see that the energy was still flowing through the vines as they started to regrow, but what he was more concerned about was the energy building up in the beast's body.
Ignoring the vines and looking at the head of the beast, it was quite large and a distance away. "Well, I don't want to go all the way up there," Leo said.
He placed his sword in his sheath and prepared himself. When he was sure where his target was going to be, with a single movement, he drew all of his energy out and pulled the blade out of the sheath as fast as he could. A line of his energy had left the sword as it was taken out of its sheath.
The line of energy was thin and white but the beast had no time to react and it had completely passed through its neck. A few moments later, the beast's neck slid from its head and fell to the ground, its body then shortly followed after.
"I guess you can't regenerate your head." Said Leo.
After defeating the beast he didn't stop for a moment, not even to extract the crystal core from its body. He didn't have much time to investigate the area before, and the beast had suddenly attacked him.
But during the fight, he had spotted something while looking at the beast's aura from his position, in the distance, there were dead bodies of the students. They no longer produced a flame of aura, but a little leftover essence was visible on their bodies a few hours later.
Right now, the students were a priority, and if they had run into similar beasts to the one he had just faced. He feared the worst for the students.
****
Back where the others were, just by the mountainside wall. Del and a few of the other students were discussing their next plan. Del had called over the main helpers and the strongest rank students for their advice.
In Del's class, there weren't many strong students. There were a couple of level 6 students and a few level 5 but that was it for the class. Vorden was considered one of the strongest students despite his level, but he had not been invited to the group meeting hosted by Del.
This was because Del still bore a grudge against Vorden, and after what Quinn had said, he now hated their whole group.
"Maybe we should head back where the beast came out from?" A student suggested. "If we follow the trail of broken down trees then maybe we can find out our way back."
"That won't work," Del replied. "The forest is large and if that beast lives here then there are likely to be many trees and paths that have been created by the beasts and those similar to it. If we follow one of those paths we might even be leading ourselves to be dinner for another beast."
"Well, you suggest something." Another student said, their tone sharp, rather annoyed at the situation. Even though they felt like so far Del had been useless at everything. Still, Del was of a higher rank than them, not just as a teacher but in the military as well and they needed to show him some respect.
He could also be the deciding factor on their grades. So the students bit down their tongues and moved on. But that didn't change the fact of how useless he had been.
"I think we should go up, on one of the side paths of the mountain," Del suggested. "If we go up high then we can see the forest from above. We should be able to see where the area we started from was and if we can't see that, we will be able to spot the shelter."
It wasn't a bad idea, but after encountering such a dangerous beast. The idea of going further into the unknown was frightening for them.
Still, with the only other idea already shot down by the teacher what choice did they have. The students were told to inform the others of the plan, as each group made sure they had their supplies and started to head out.
"This is so stupid!" Cia complained. "We should at least stay here for a while and wait. Maybe another group or the sergeant will come and find us. If you're lost you're meant to stay still."
"Well, I think we're just climbing the mountain to see where we are, then will probably head back down," Layla explained.
"I still think we should wait a little bit before doing anything," Cia replied.
"Although I don't like Del." Vorden said, "Maybe for these guys, staying in one place isn't a good idea. Look at their faces. Now they are moving and it's making them forget about what happened. They might think if they stay there, other beasts will come and attack them, maybe even the same one. But as we move at least we are working towards our goal."
"Okay, okay pretty boy you convinced me," Cia replied. "Let's go."
****

EP-240 Purple grass
The group couldn’t decide which side of the mountain they wanted to take. There was the option of sending half the group on one side too. But after seeing how effective they were as a single unit against a powerful beast.
They felt that it was best to keep everyone together in one powerful group in case something similar happened again.
They started to travel up on the left side of the mountain. Del had made the decision and was ordering the group around, but he wasn't the one that stood in front of the group. Instead, some of the stronger groups had their front liner.
Del had made some type of excuse, claiming that he was the only one able to use the communicator to contact the sergeants. What if he disappeared? If that happened, then the sergeants would have no clue where they were.
But this was a lie.
The sergeants didn't have a clue where Del's class was. They only knew that they had sent out a distress signal.
The scanners had been turned on. They would still record points and work as long as they were within a 200-meter radius of Del. Even though the scanners still provided each student with points for their team. There was no fierce competition anymore.
The group decided to stay close together and no one was venturing far away from their team or far from the whole group.
While scanning new items, the scanner would still do the same, but the sense of competition was no longer there. The reason why Del had turned the scanners back on, was because they were good tools for finding out what was around them.
Whether there were dangerous plants or precious ores…
But the primary function of the scanners for Del was to detect beasts and their levels while those beasts were still far away from the group.
If they came across another beast and it was far too powerful for their group to handle. Del didn't even dare to imagine the number of casualties and the number of remaining students that would be able to come back with them to the military camp.
The group slowly progressed and eventually, the slope started to level out. They could still see the large wall and the ground behind them, so they found it a little strange.
Usually, any mountains had a lot of ridges with leveled and inclined ground, so this mountain seemed strange.
The open field was long and still very green like most of the forest so far. With plants here and there, there was a lot more open space. They were higher in elevation now, but they were still unable to see the top of the mountain from below.
One of the more curious students went over to the edge and looked down. Even though they could still see the part of the forest where they made their last stand against that beast previously...
They were unable to see where they had started from the beginning of the shelter. Depending on which direction Del had run from the camp, the only way for them to see the shelter or where they once came from was to climb to a high point, so they could see the area around them from a bird's eye view.
But the slightly inclined ground looked like it could go on for miles and the only way left to get higher up the mountain was to scale it using their hands and feet.
But that wouldn't be a possible option for their group.
The students started to walk around to see if there were any other options to scale the mountain, or if they could see the shelter from the edges of the mountain.
"Maybe it's best if we just head back down. Going up the mountain might be more dangerous than roaming around down there." Layla said.
“I agree. But also, it doesn't look like Del knows what he is doing," Vorden replied.
Del was currently just standing in the middle, looking up at the mountain to his right and down the sloped path from where they had come from. In the middle of their exploration though, three clear and distinctive dings were suddenly heard.
The students all turned to where the sound came from as it indicated that a beast had been discovered by the scanner. But looking at the student whose scanner went off, it looked like there was nothing— even around him.
"What did you discover?" Del said as he walked over to the student.
The student pointed at a purple blade of grass on the floor. While walking up the slope, there were patches of grass here and there. Most of the grass was green in color but once in a while, they could see some stalks of purple grass colored.
Nearly all of the students decided to ignore it, as it seemed like an odd thing with nothing strange about it. But when they started getting bored in their exploration. This particular student decided to give it a scan anyway to relieve some of his boredom.
But to his surprise, the scanner said that he wasn't holding a plant, but a beast.
When Del snatched the scanner from the student, a dark expression appeared on his face, "An intermediate beast, this little thing? How can that be possible?"
The purple shade of grass was the same size as all the other pieces of grass. It seemed impossible for there to be a beast crystal inside. The students were not actively looking at the grass around them, but now they noticed that there were a few single strands of purple grass every so often from the grasses surrounding them.
A few drops of water from the sky started to land on the ground and onto the faces of the students.
"Is it going to rain?" Layla asked. "That's just great, we might have to try to find some cover."
But Quinn was interested in the beast. If it was another new type and he found a way to defeat it before anyone else. He would gain a large amount of exp once again.
He bent down and looked closer at the blade of grass.
[Inspect]
[Intermediate beast:  Dumping Bait Beast]
[The top of the beast's head can often seem like a blade of grass. While most of its body remained underground. The beast cannot move, but when the rain comes it will sprout from underneath.]
After reading the message, it started raining heavily. Just like with the boulder snails from before, it seemed that the beast was also active in the rain.
And right now, they were experiencing their first bit of rain since coming to the place.
Quinn immediately started to look around him and noticed many of the students were looking at the purple blade of grass. There were nearly as many blades of grass as the students.
In a way, it seemed that a small army of intermediate beasts was about to pop out from under the ground. Perhaps this would be even more troublesome than the advanced tier beasts.
As a single raindrop fell on the purple shade of grass, it suddenly shook and the ground started to vibrate as well.
"What the hell, is going on here?" Fex said
"Guys! Get away from the purple grass!" Quinn shouted to his teammates. "Let's head back down the slope."
As Quinn said these words, a two-meter tall purple plant appeared behind him. Its body was as thick as a tree, and its head was as wide as a car. On top of its head was the strand of grass that could barely be seen on top of the giant plant-like beast.
"Quinn!" Layla shouted as the plant dived down.
But it was too late, the large plant had swallowed Quinn.
*****

EP-251 The real hero
Seeing this message brought back bad memories for Quinn. No longer did Quinn need to be fed. The only situation where he did was if he had been too injured. Needing a new energy source to power his regenerative abilities.
Quinn no longer got the exp shared message and he started to fear the worst. He and Fex had been walking around in a circle-like area and had covered almost half of the distance while walking around. It seemed like luck wasn't on his side and he had chosen the wrong direction.
"Hey man, aren't we just walking in circles," Fex complained.
"The thing I see, I think it keeps moving," Quinn yelled back, lying about the situation.
They were too far in, around one direction. If they were to turn around and head back it would only take longer. But he was worried about what was happening, so he started to pick up the pace.
****
After the first attack on Peter, the beast stood there slightly confused not following up with a second attack. Using this opportunity, he quickly shifted over and backed away from the creature. It didn't seem interested in following him, but this time, with the spears that were stuck inside it.
While doing this he chose to head in the opposite direction of Vorden and Layla. They were both using long-range skills, and it wouldn't be good if the beast got close to them.
Coming from the side of one of the buildings, both of them had quickly assessed the situation. Seeing a humanoid creature they knew the others were in danger, and when they saw Peter trying to confront the thing, they didn't have much time to think and needed to act straight away.
"Layla, go check up on Logan and see if there's anything you can do to help," Vorden said. "It looks like Logan is preparing something and right now, he's the strongest one here."
Vorden still had not gotten the chance to gather many abilities. If he were to gauge himself, he was at one of his weakest moments right now. Cia's support ability was at level 4 and Layla's telekinesis ability was at level 2. Using Raten he could power that up to level 6. Unfortunately, there was no way for him to get Peter's ability due to his cells being different.
He could go up to Logan and it would be a huge power boost. He wouldn't know how to use their ability but at least he could combine his amount of MC cells into one. The problem with that was that it required Sil’s help.
Without Quinn here, Sil seemed disinterested in the whole event, the only other time he would come out was, when the body would seem to be in danger. Looking at the creature in front of him, they would die before even finding out they were in danger.
Not only that, But Peter needed Vorden's help. Based on the last attack, he had only come out alive by the skin of his teeth.
"Vorden, we need to fight together," Layla replied.
"This time, I'm not trying to be rude, but your attacks would do nothing, and would only get in the way. I'm afraid I'm only a little better than you in this situation. We need Logan." Vorden replied.
Gritting her teeth at hearing that she was weak once again, she ran off towards Logan.  
"Do you need any help?" She asked.
[Energy weapon creation at fifty percent]
"I'm sorry but there isn't much you or I can do, we just have to wait a little longer," Logan replied.
Again, Layla had heard those words. There was nothing she could do and it was true.
While there were two spirit spears inside it. The beast tried to swing its hand mid-air. It realized that for some reason its attack wasn't as fast as it usually would be. It continued to swing its arm downward.
Then, the spirit blades' time ran out. As it swung its hand down it felt and looked faster than all of the attacks. Now that its speed had returned to normal, It looked up at Peter. Ready to finish him off once again.
It prepared its legs ready to spring into action once again, but just before it was about to set off. Vorden threw another one of the spirit spears landing right in the back of the beast's legs.
Another spear came out again, this time, the beast got out from his leading downward position and moved to avoid the spear.
"It looks like he's figured it out," Vorden said. "This is the problem with high-level beasts."
Now the beast was looking in Vorden's direction.
"No, if they get rid of him then I will have no support," Said Peter. " I have to fight." Readying himself he rushed forward.
The beast continued to ignore Peter though, and it seemed like he was going to deal with the biggest annoyance first, which was Vorden. As it turned its back something strange happened.
As it looked down, another spirit spear was stuck in its body. The beast was sure it was keeping an eye on the other boy. So where did the spear come from?
"Pretty boy, you owe me a date after this one!" Cia shouted. She had come out from the side of the house and was now standing in the street. She wasn't confident that the attack would be able to land at the distance she was at so she decided to come closer.
Although she was scared, her mind was screwed on straight. If they wanted to live, they would all need to do their part.
Before the beast could choose its target, Peter was already upon him and had thrown a fist against his solid body. The beast shifted from his position a few inches back.
"Did it not hurt him? How are we meant to kill this thing," Peter said.
As the beast went for the attack. Two-spirit spears were thrown from both sides. The beast moved instinctively avoiding the spears now. Although none of the spears hit, it would stop the beast from being able to land an attack on Peter.
The two continued to do this. While the whole situation was going on, even with the beast's large body. The beast was able to avoid all of the spears thrown by the two. It was starting to grow tired though, and without the others realizing it. It was inching its way towards one of them.
Storing the power in its legs until it got close enough. It managed to avoid more of the spears, then quickly contracting the roots of one of its legs, it sprung forward to the side.
It didn't go for Vorden, or Peter, it went for Cia.
"Damn, why didn't I think of this," Vorden said and slapped a hand over his face, annoyed at himself. It was a simple rule when fighting. In a situation like this, it would get rid of the weakest and most annoying one first.
Their distractions had only worked well so far thanks to both of them throwing the spears.
Now with it coming straight towards her, the spear she had been throwing finally managed to hit. However, it was useless, one or two spears weren't going to do much in helping her fight against such a thing.
She didn't have the crazy amount of experience Vorden did, and the reaction and speed in Peter's head.
"If I'm going to die, I'm going to curse and look at what kills me right in the face!" Cia shouted.
As its bladed claw was about to reach out and stab her in the face they were stopped mid-air in its tracks inches away from her face.
"They say heroes arrive at the last second," Fex said, with his hands twitching, holding the strings using all of his strength.
"Lame." Vorden muttered, "Doesn't he know I already said that?"
At first, she thought that Fex had saved her, but on closer inspection, a strange purple shadow substance could be seen around it.
*****

EP-241 A strange item
Most of the students were still tired from the fight with the advanced tiered beast earlier. Most of their MC Cells were used and they hadn't had enough time to recover. Their instinct told them to run, seeing the beasts rising from underneath the ground.
However, the beats were too fast. As if it was a snake, the plants opened their mouths wide and sometimes consumed more than one student at a time, and one of these students was Quinn.
"We have to get him out of there!" Vorden shouted as he looked around at the other students. "Damn it, why isn't there someone with high-level abilities in this class?"
Del's class was considered one of the weakest classes and they had gotten significantly weaker after Erin had left. Vorden was hoping at one point he could come across one of the other classes and copy one of their abilities.
One of the downsides to Vorden's ability was the fact that he would have to wait twenty-four hours before storing a new ability. At most with the help of Raten and Sil, he could store three at a time. Because of this, Vorden was cautious about whose ability he copied.
Right now, it didn't seem like anyone's ability was doing well against the plants.
"He's already dead, let's just get out of here," Cia complained.
"No, he's not dead," Peter replied. "I can tell."
Although Cia had no clue what Peter meant by this... the others realized that there must be some type of link between the two. That could also be the explanation as to why Peter wasn't going mad right now after witnessing Quinn’s death.
"I'll go get him!" Fex said. The others were surprised by his words. They knew Quinn and Fex weren't close enough, but obviously from Fex's words. He was genuinely concerned about Quinn. But the question was, when did the two of them become so close?
But Fex could tell the seriousness of the situation. He was the only one along with Quinn, who hadn't done much during the fight against the advanced tier beast, so he had plenty of energy.
Fex ran and leaped into the air, but in a blink of an eye, the plant swayed its large body to the side and struck Fex at an incredible speed who was still in mid-air, slamming him back to the side of the mountain.
"Maybe jumping straight forward wasn't such a good idea." The pain wreaking havoc on Fex's body wasn't too bad but he was still a little dazed. After he pulled himself together, he saw the plant coming towards him across the floor with its mouth wide open.
When he finally managed to get up, the plant was already coming for him, streaking across the floor with its mouth wide open— ready to devour him.
There was no panic on Fex's face, just a slight smile. "Eat me then you piece of…" Then— he was gone. Swallowed by the beast plant. It lifted its whole body and raised its head, making sure that whatever it managed to consume would go straight down.
The others stayed there watching the plant for a few seconds, hoping that Fex had some sort of plan.
There was a lot of popular news established by media centers about some miraculous escape after being swallowed by a beast. It was reported that those people killed their way out of the beast's body.
But after watching for a while and seeing no result, the situation couldn't be more obvious.
"Run!" Vorden shouted. "That's all we can do, if Peter says Quinn is safe then we just have to believe him."
Vorden along with Layla was the first to take their advice. Layla was a little behind Vorden so she had a head start. Seeing this, Vorden decided he didn't have time to be picky about what abilities he had.
If he touched Layla, then at least he would have something to protect himself while fighting. Thinking about this, he ran faster— straight for Layla.
He then reached out and grabbed her hand.
"Hey what are you doing!" Layla complained, but she quickly stopped complaining as another beast plant headed straight for the two of them. She held out her hand hoping to slow it down a little bit.
As Vorden turned, he threw one of the spirit spears and it pierced straight through the beast's head. But it wasn't enough, and the beast was quick to retaliate. Swallowing the two in an instant.
"What are you doing!" Cia shouted. She too had rushed off hoping to run away, but she quickly stopped as she noticed there were also several plants behind them. Some groups were still dealing with them but none of them were successful.
The only group that seemed to be doing well was the group led by Teacher Del.
He had taken his large shield with him and was holding it up with his back against the mountain wall. With only one possible angle of attack, Del and a few other students were able to block most of the incoming attacks from the plants.
And since the plants weren't able to move from their original position. At most, the group had to block attacks from three incoming plant beasts.
"Let's go over there!" she shouted. "It's the safest place, with my ability we can make it." At this point, she was tugging on Peter's uniform, but he stayed there— still looking at one of the plants.
"If Quinn is somewhere else, then I need to go with him," Peter replied.
"Screw you!" She shouted in anger. "If you want to die, then go die yourself."
With a single step, Cia cried out.
She turned around and suddenly realized that everything around her was pitch-black. Then, a few seconds later she could feel herself falling.
The whole group had now been swallowed by different beat plants. Fex and Quinn, Layla and Vorden, and finally Peter and Cia. A few of the other students had been swallowed, a few were also knocked off the side of the cliff.
While the majority somehow managed to make it near Del, even though they felt weak. With Del mostly blocking the plant beasts, the students were able to use their attacks to fight against them.
They continued fighting till the rain finally stopped. The moment the rain stopped— all the beasts went into hibernation. They returned underground and turned into beautiful stalks of purple grasses once more.
Amazingly, soil started to form over the purple grasses, and in a blink of an eye, the mountain returned to its original state. It was as if nothing had happened.
"Is it over?" A student asked huffing and panting, he felt as if he would collapse from exhaustion at any moment.
"I think so," Del replied. "I think these beasts reacted to the rain. They seemed to appear and disappear at the same time as the rain appeared and vanished... Luckily for us, in a place like this, the downpour might be strong, but it doesn't last for long. However, we don't know when the next downpour will be."
"What should we do now, and what about the others?" Another asked.
Del looked around, and he could see there wasn't much blood. Also, during his studies, he discovered that plant-type beasts mostly weren't carnivores. The fact that these plants probably didn't have the acid necessary to digest meat meant that the students were still probably alive.
"I hate to say this but they're probably already dead." Del lied. "It's best if we head back down to where we were. If we carry on going upward then there might be even more dangerous beasts."
Some of the students were annoyed by Del’s suggestion.
They had made this suggestion earlier and even said the same thing to Del. Informing him about the possible danger up ahead. Still, he decided to progress anyway, and now he was saying traveling upwards was a bad idea.
Before heading back down the slope, a student spotted another person walking up. As they saw who it was— a huge smile appeared on their face.
"Sergeant Leo!" The students shouted.
Even Del was delighted...
There wasn't much that needed to be said, as Leo agreed that he would take them back to the shelter for now. But before doing so, Leo asked the other students to investigate the area.
Just as the students were about to head down the slope, Leo started to walk over to a strange object. A certain item was giving off energy, similar to that of a beast weapon. He had arrived by the wall of the mountain and picked up the cold solid object.
"Do you mind telling me what it looks like?" Leo asked Del who wouldn't leave his side.
"It appears to be some type of metal flask. Although it has some strange design on it. It looks like a beast's head with fangs. Maybe it's one of the items that the students dropped during the struggle." Del answered.
"I'm wondering, what is so important that it needs to be kept in a special type of beast equipment."
Leo thought to himself.
****

EP-242 A place of darkness
Everything was happening so quickly but during the whole process, he didn't feel any pain. When he finally reached the bottom, Quinn felt his body continuously sinking. It felt like he had been dropped into a watery quagmire. He tried moving his hands using all the strength he could muster but it seemed ineffective. If anything— it was making him sink quicker.
His legs were the first thing to pass through and as they did, he felt a free range of motion. They weren't hitting or placed against anything, but they felt like he was in mid-air kicking them back and forth. Still, he was unable to feel anything.
'If the plant swallowed me and now, I'm falling, doesn't that mean I'm falling into another part of the mountain, or underneath the planet?' Quinn thought.
The height of his fall worried him the most. His arms had now gone through the strange substance and now only the top of his head remained. Just like with his legs his hands were able to move freely. But now, he started worrying.
If Quinn was right, then once his head would fall through, his whole body would be falling.
He was strong and he had a sturdy body as a vampire, but what was he falling into? Lava, spikes? Or into a pit of beasts? His abilities couldn't possibly save him from that.
Quinn's mind madly spun as he thought about his next course of action. He activated his shadow ability and covered his body thinly. It worked and slowed down the sinking process.
But this was a mere stopgap. Not a solution to the problem. But of course, this stopgap should give him enough time to think.
Suddenly, a voice reverberated out of nowhere.
"What the hell is this?!" A boy yelled as his voice echoed out.
"It can't be, is that Fex's voice?" Quinn thought.
The space was narrow, and if Fex was coming from above it meant that there was only one place where Fex could land.
Bang!
The force and Fex's weight struck Quinn's head and managed to push him through the last bit of strange substance.
As Quinn's body floated through the air, he thought back to how the last thing he ever saw might have just been Fex's backside knocking him down, as he fell to his death.
"That arse!" Quinn shouted.
Looking around him, even though he was in the dark, his pupils widened enough, letting in more light. He could see nearly just as well as outside. His guess seemed right and he was falling from the ceiling.
The good news was there didn't seem to be anything below, that would do much damage, the bad news was he was falling from about twenty meters in height and the ground was coming closer to him as the seconds went by.
All he could do was brace himself for impact, as he curled up into a ball. At the same time, a shield of shadow was created in front of him. The shadow was the first part to touch the ground and Quinn followed shortly.
It had worked.
The shadow had slowed down the momentum of his fall. Quinn went inside and fused with the shadow.
"You are useful," Quinn said as he took the shadow away but at that moment. The speed had returned, and Quinn's body was slammed into the ground as hard as he would have if he hadn't used the shadow.
In his haste, Quinn had forgotten that the shadow didn't actually slow things down, but only slowed down the time while he was touching the shadow. Once he traveled through the shadow, or once it was taken away, the object would continue to travel at the speed it previously did, before passing through the shadow or being one with it.
Covered in rubble from the walls of the cave, Quinn stood up and discovered that not a lot of damage was done to him. He felt sore in all sorts of places, but his body was sturdier than before. It also didn't seem like any of his bones had broken from the fall.
Just then, he could see Fex falling through the sky nearly at the same spot.
"Quinn, catch me!" Fex shouted.
Still remembering how Fex had shoved him down under here. Quinn chose not to help. If the fall didn't kill him, it wouldn't kill Fex.
Fex looked around but the walls were too far away from him and there was nothing nearby to attach his strings to slow down the momentum of his fall.
Stepping to the side at the last moment, Quinn allowed Fex to land headfirst into the same spot as him.
Unlike Quinn, Fex immediately stood up after crashing, rubbing the back of his neck. "You could have at least caught me man, what was that all about?" Fex continued to dust himself off and then looked around the place they were currently in.
They seemed to be in a large empty cavern. Several large holes or tunnels seemed to lead to different paths. Looking above them, they saw the plant hanging from the ceiling that had swallowed them whole.
When Fex started to pat himself down he noticed something strange...
"Oh no, my Flask. It must have fallen out when that giant plant hit me!" Fex said angrily.
"Do you want the one you gave to me?" Quinn offered. After all, it was never his in the first place and he still had his blood bank to rely on.
"No, I can't," Fex replied. "I know I'm not big on rules and stuff but that was a gift and I can't take back gifts. Besides, my reliance on blood is a lot less than most people. It is already at that of a vampire Noble. Don't worry about me."
It was true that Fex never seemed to be as interested in blood as Quinn did. Even when a student would bleed slightly Quinn would get this tingling feeling all over his body and his eyes would naturally be drawn to the bloodied area— but Fex never felt the same way.
Quinn would keep it for now, and if Fex needed it. Quinn would still be by his side anyway.
Over at different sections underneath the mountain, the others were experiencing the same thing that Fex and Quinn had gone through. Layla and Vorden were both being slowly sucked down, while their faces were pressed up against each other.
"You, this is all your fault for grabbing me!" Layla shouted. Vorden even felt some of the spit from her lips land on his face due to how close they were.
"Did your parents never teach you how to speak without spreading spittle everywhere? And you would have been eaten anyway, so don't blame me!" Vorden shouted back.
As the two fell from the plant into the large cave. Layla used her ability to slow her down from falling at a fast speed. Vorden also used the same ability and achieved the same result, so they managed to get down onto the floor safely.
They discovered that they were in a large cavern with several entrances, holes, and tunnels all around the cavern walls. However, there seemed to be no one else with them.
'Great looks like I'm stuck with a psycho. As if there could be a worse pairing than this." Layla thought.
In another section of the cavern, the last pairing was of Cia and Peter. The two of them fell through the strange substance at the same time and as they were falling through the air…
Cia noticed that Peter's expression didn't have any trace of fear.
"Does he have a plan on how to land safely? If not, how could he be so calm?" She felt like she had no choice but to grab him. A fall from this height could kill a student, and at best— it could still break a few bones.
Cia didn't have any beast gear on her, and her ability would do nothing to slow the descent. Cia grabbed onto Peter’s back tightly. 
As they got closer to the floor, she was waiting for him to reveal his ability.
She still had no idea what it was. The group had asked Peter to keep it that way while in front of the teachers. Students apart from those that knew Pio wouldn't know but teachers had files on every student.
"No, it can't be!" Cia thought, and a few seconds Later Peter crashed dead into the ground.
Cia was hurt but Peter managed to break most of her fall, but as she opened her eyes and looked at her comrade next to her— she could see that all of his limbs were mangled and broken.
****

EP-243 Problem gone
Vorden and Layla were now stuck together in the cavern. There were multiple paths around them, but no way to tell which ones led up or down. Seeing this, Layla didn't have an idea about what to do.
"Now you're speaking to me," Vorden said. "I thought it was my fault that the two of us are here, but when it comes to finding a way out, you come to me for help."
Layla stomped her foot, onto the ground and took a few steps away. She wanted to storm off and head down one of the paths randomly. But after only taking a few steps, her hands started shaking, and her legs started shivering.
The thought of seeing beasts, like the ones they had seen so far being down here frightened her. When she was training at Pure, their main goal wasn't facing beasts, but humans. As an agent, her tasks and training dealt with infiltration, sabotage, and a plethora of other skills.
Of course, no amount of training could prepare a child for the real thing. Since coming to this school, she had seen more death than she would have liked, and it was starting to take a toll on her body and mind, more so now that her friend she would often comfort, had gone.
"Why are you still having a go at me." Layla snapped.
"I told you before, you're useless. You were useless before and even more now. At least back then you were Quinn's blood bank, but right now I can fill that role. So honestly what use is there for you."
"Stop saying the same thing over and over again!" Layla was at breaking point and had enough. She no longer wanted to take this type of abuse from Vorden. Without thinking clearly, she lifted a nearby rock and swung it towards Vorden.
It was an unexpected attack from Layla, so Vorden was late in his reactions and managed to dodge the small fist-size rock. The rock grazed his cheek, slightly. It caused a surface cut, revealing a trickle of blood.
However, the first attack didn't stop there. Layla kept swinging the rocks towards Vorden. As they were hurled towards him, Vorden did the same, repelling them away using the same ability but also making sure not to throw attacks back.
She continued forward, screaming at the top of her lungs, the sound echoed through the cavern.
"Wow!" Raten said, laughing. "It looks like you finally broke her, I mean I thought I was the cruel one. You know how to annoy someone when you want to. At least I just give them a beating, but this Vorden. This is just pure evil."
Vorden knew Raten was just trying to annoy him by being sarcastic, the problem was it was working. Had Vorden gone too far? At this point, he had been trying to split Layla and Quinn apart. Still, without saying too much directly to Layla, it wasn’t for him or Quinn, he was doing it for her.
   What's that noise?" Sil said as he stood up from his usual crouched position. The screams from Layla seemed to be so loud that they even reached Sil who would usually ignore most things.
However, Vorden was too distracted deflecting the projectiles coming towards him to give Sil a reply. As Sil started walking over towards the chair, Raten smiled and stepped to the side.
"Now this will be good to see." He said.
Sil placed his hand on Vorden's shoulder, who was in the chair.  Now they both had access to what was going on outside. Sil could see and feel what Vorden was doing.
"It looks like you need some help, swap with me," Sil said.
"Sil, I can handle it," Vorden replied carefully.
"Swap with me.." Sil said, his grip tightening on Vorden's shoulder. Knowing that he had no choice Vorden reluctantly left the seat.
Back outside, four stones were now being directed towards Vorden's body. So far he had been taking a step back deflecting them as they came at him but suddenly. He stood there completely still.
As he raised his hands, all of the stones stopped mid-air for a moment. Then at the same time, the four stones were repelled away with even greater force. Layla could tell from the sound they had made when hitting the walls around him.
"Why are you attacking me?" Sil asked.
Layla had noticed the sudden change in Vorden's attitude, she had seen this happen a few times before. At the canteen, while they were fighting in the desert and now again. Her sudden attacks stopped.
"If you are trying to hurt me, then you are against me," Sil said as he lifted both hands and used incredible force to push Layla's body back. Right now, Sil was combining the MC points in Cia's level four ability along with Layla's level 2 ability. His telekinesis powers were that of a level 6.
Layla couldn’t stop the powerful attack. The next moment she was flung against the wall. The back of her head swung back into a piece of rock, and her vision quickly went to black as she passed out on the floor.
"The problem has been dealt with," Sil said with a smile.
In another part of the cavern, two more students seemed to be stuck together dealing with their problems. Cia was taken aback at the sight of Peter's legs all mangled. They were utterly broken and it looked like part of the bone had splintered through parts of the skin.
She turned her head away, unable to look at the sight any longer.
"Stay here, I will go look for help," Cia said in a panic.
"You know, if you didn't hold onto me, the fall wouldn't have been as bad," Peter replied in a calm voice.
Cia found it strange, it seemed like Peter wasn't affected by this whole ordeal, but she couldn't bear to look at him. Instead, she started to look around the area to see if there was anything she could find. Just like the caverns, the others were stuck in. There were multiple holes and paths to choose from. Not knowing which way was the out or would lead them to the surface.
Cia walked up to the entrances, which were a little away from where they had landed. She wanted to see if she could hear anything coming from down the tunnels. Perhaps some would be filled by beasts, but the others had also been swallowed, and just maybe they weren't too far from them.
She tilted her head, with her ear faced forward towards the entrance, seeing if she could hear the slightest sound.
"I think we should go this way." A voice said stood right behind her. Cia was startled, and out of instinct, she turned and threw her fist, hitting Peter right in the Jaw, before taking a few steps to the side.
It hadn't hurt Peter but slightly moved his head to the side, a small mark could also be seen across his cheek.
"Pio, but how? Your legs were all mangled just a few seconds ago."
"Apologize now!" Peter demanded.
"What for the punch?" Cia asked. "No way, how the hell is that my fault. You snuck up on me when I thought you couldn't move, in a dark and creepy cave with possible beasts. Anyone's reaction would have been the same."
"Still, should you not apologize if you hit someone? Or am I mistaken." Said, Peter.
"You're weird, why did I get stuck with you. I think you should be a bit nicer to me. After all, if we run into anything down here. Then we will be relying on my ability a lot more than yours."
Cia still didn't know Peter's ability, but she had a guess. His watch indicated he was a level four, and if he managed to recover from an injury like that, most likely his ability was a healing one or a regenerative one. The only thing she couldn't quite put her finger on was the healing speed.
She had never met a healer or seen a regenerative ability that could allow someone to recover that fast. They would be at level eight to do such a thing. Still, this meant it was clear his ability wasn't a combat one. While Cia's wasn't either. She was sure of her hand-to-hand combat skills over the frail Pio.
As she took a step forward, hoping to head to the other side of the cave where the other entrances were. Peter suddenly blocked her path.
'Wasn't he at least five meters away, how did he get here so fast?' She thought.
"If you don't apologize to me and you are going to have a problem, a serious problem."
"Whatever!" Cia said as she tried to walk past Peter.
At this moment, she felt something grasp around her throat, when she looked down, she could see a hand, and it was linked to Pio.
"What...are..you doing.." Cia just managed to let out.
Just then, footsteps could be heard coming from one of the tunnels. It was unclear which one, as the echo made it hard to pinpoint the sound.
"Now Pio, I don't think we should be treating our fellow students like that, do you?" The short boy said as he took a bite from one of his favorite sandwiches.
****

EP-244 Strange crystals
At this moment she took the opportunity and tried to knock Peter's hand away using her full force slamming it against Peter's forearm, but in doing so she realized it had the same effect as moving a rock that weighed a ton. There seemed to be no effect or movement.
"I think it will be best if you put her down Pio, annoying as she may be it might cause us more problems in the future," Logan said as he took a final bite of his sandwich. "Hmm… that was the last one."
At that moment, Logan didn't look like his regular self. Apart from his head that was on display, he had his full body suit on from the neck down. He had no idea what he would meet down there, hence he was always prepared for the worst.
Still, Logan was quite popular around the school even if he didn't know it himself. The few appearances he made on the last outing and during the school's events every once in a while had caught the attention of other students, including Cia.
Although Cia was wondering about the connection between Logan and Pio, right now she just wanted to get away from Pio. Using her ability she stabbed a spear into Peter's belly. Not just one but three. Due to how close she was to him, she was able to stick in multiple spears one after the other.
When the first one entered Peter's body, his movements slowed down, allowing her to put in two more. Once again, using all her force she tried to whack Peter's hand away. Still, it felt like she was pounding her hand against solid rock, but this time with the help of her ability to weaken Peter. Her attack was a success. She finally managed to knock his hand away and broke free.
Not knowing where to run to, she decided to head into one of the many tunnels. If another student had arrived and had no relation to the person named Pio. Then maybe she would have bolted towards Logan, but seeing that the two of them had some type of a relationship she didn't want to risk it.
The cave was dark and it was hard for her to see, but each of the tunnels gave off a little reflection of light. 
There was always the chance that the small amount of light could be radiating from a beast, or it could be a raw crystal. Because of this, as Cia ran she also had to be careful about her footing. Not being able to see where or what she was taking steps into. It was a cave and they were deep underground. With the floors being uneven and traveling in the dark, Cia was being naturally cautious.
"This is a pain, I wish I bought some type of light with me or something!" Cia complained. The group did have emergency equipment and rations such as torches and so on, but they were all with Peter.
Taking another step forward, her foot seemed to be lodged between something. She quickly managed to pull it but it had greatly slowed her down.
"This is such a pain in the arse, whatever I have to deal with, he will too." Cia thought.
"Why did you run?" Logan said. "3...2….1." As logan finished counting down, peter was already in front of Cia. Somehow the difficult pathway that she had taken was easily navigated by him.
There was no torch in his hand, no light source. So how did Peter manage to catch up with her so fast?
Peter, decided to wait until the spirit spears had disappeared before chasing Cia. Not only that but just like Quinn. Peter also had the advantage of seeing in the dark. For him, it was as if the cave was lit up so he had no problem deciding on the quickest path to take, when he found her he heard Logan Shouting "Pio!"
When Peter turned around he could see Logan holding his hand out. But there was a round and strange bright green light getting larger with every second on his hand. It was Logan's hand blaster and Peter had seen what it could do before when it was fired against Fex. Someone stronger than both him and Quinn.
Perhaps, even his regeneration abilities wouldn't be able to keep up with this.
"You stop running, will you?" Logan complained while looking at Cia.
While the blaster was held against Peter he decided to let the thing go. He wasn't stupid and could always find a way to get to Cia later.
"What are you doing down here?" Peter asked.
At this point, Cia was unsure of what to do, the entrance to another tunnel wasn't too far away, but it seemed like Logan was able to control Peter just like Quinn. She still didn't understand how Peter managed to catch up to her so fast, so her only option was to stay by Logan's side.
She scuttled along until she was behind Logan. Logan then tapped something on the side of his suit, which brightened up the area around him with green lights. The pieces on Logan's equipment were illuminating a small 5-meter radius around them.
"I adjusted the scanner the school gave us to increase its radius. I had to power it with my beast crystals. I don't get any points for doing that but to me, it was well worth it." Said Logan. "That's when I discovered that there seemed to be strange tunnels underground but they didn't quite look natural so I decided to investigate. I never thought anyone else would be down here. So it was a nice surprise to see you."
"Do you know the way out?" Cia asked. Realizing from what Logan said, he should have a wide area mapped out using his scanner.
"No," Logan replied. Although this was a lie. If he had told the truth he knew they would ask to lead him out of here, but Logan had discovered something on his scanner that he had to check out before leaving.
Somewhere inside the large cave Fex and Quinn had decided to walk down one of the tunnels. While inside the tunnel the connection between Peter seemed to be lost. It had happened ever since he went underground.
Quinn thought that it might have something to do with the distance between the two at the moment, as he didn't know that Peter and the others were underground as well.
Thinking that help would never arrive, they decided to just leave it up to fate and pick the tunnel with the biggest entrance. As they walked down the tunnel, they noticed that the walls were surrounded by thin blue crystals that gave off a slight glow to them. Not enough to light up the whole area, but one could follow the small light source quite easily.
"What are these?" Quinn asked, looking at the small crystals. They resemble something similar to beast crystals, but Quinn thought the only way to obtain beast crystals was by killing a beast.
"I don't know," Fex replied. "I was going to ask you the same thing."
The curiosity had gotten the better of him and Quinn decided to place his hand on top of the crystal. At first, he was planning to use his inspection skill but there was no need since the system had automatically given him a message.
[Basic tier crystal]
[Would you like to store it in your system?]
The shock from the message was quite immense. At school, they had been taught that the beast crystals could only be obtained from beasts. This was why the human race had been sending hunting parties to slay the beasts. Even though there was the chance of death.
Some crystals could be used to create powerful weapons, even more, powerful than their modern equipment.
But right here, crystals were hanging freely on the wall around him, and it wasn't just one crystal. There seemed to be hundreds of crystals, through the tunnel they had just walked. If Quinn was to think about all the other tunnels as well, there would be at least a thousand down here.
With Fex keeping an eye over his back, Quinn was unable to store it in his system however he did pull the crystal out and placed it in his trouser pocket for later.
"It might be something important," Quinn said.
Fex just shrugged his shoulders uninterested in the small crystal and carried on walking ahead. Finally, they reached the end of the tunnel.
After exiting the tunnel, the small discovery Quinn had made was nothing compared to this. 
*****

EP-245 Dalki or Vampires
"Hey, can you see what I'm seeing right now, man?" Fex asked.
"If you're talking about those buildings right in front of us, then, of course, I can," Quinn replied
Exiting the tunnel, it seemed like they'd arrived at what looked like a type of town. They couldn't measure how large the entire place was. Buildings stretched out far and wide and it was comparably as large as any one of the shelters they've seen before.
If they were to give a rough estimate, it looked like a few thousand people could live in such an establishment.
The ceiling seemed to be unreachable. Although they could see the peak, it felt like there was no way to reach it. Their gaze moved on towards the tallest building that stood in the center of the place. It was a round tower-like structure that was tall and high, but it hardly touched the ceiling. If one wished to even touch the ceiling, they would have to build a similar size building and place it on top of the already existing tower.
Although a town, underneath a mountain, was surprising to them, it didn't seem impossible. There were rumors of such shelters being built on other planets where the temperatures could reach extreme levels at different times of the year, underground shelters were the only answer to such uninhabitable places.
And so the reason why both of them were shocked was for a different reason entirely. The two of them could already observe that the design and materials used to create the buildings were different. One of the main features was the solid black material, it was made from. Instead of brick, cement, or metal, it was a different kind, a special black substance that was more stable and stronger as the primary material of all the buildings.
The substance was said to be just as strong as galthrium. Although the place looked abandoned and was void of people, the buildings were a different matter. The structures looked perfectly fine and hadn't deteriorated a single bit. The only semblance of the passage of time of abandonment was a layer of dust or rock-like substance from the ceiling that coated the top of everything.
And finally the design. Although the substance was strong, it wasn't as flexible and nimble as galthrium. This meant that the edges weren't smoothed out, giving a slight rocky look.
After looking at the buildings, both of them concluded, that the structures built in front of them were not made by humans. This was the reason why both of them were in shock.
"They're Dalki structures," Quinn muttered.
This was a huge discovery. The humans had only built a shelter and classified the place as an orange portal because they thought that they had discovered the planet first. There were rare cases like this when the two opponents were trying to take control of a planet at the same time.
If the two groups were to meet, regardless if there was a treaty signed or not, a fight would break out until one side was annihilated.
As Fex heard these words come out of Quinn's mouth though, there was confusion on his face.
"Er, what are you on about?" Fex replied. "These aren't Dalki structures. They are vampire structures."
Hearing these words equally shocked Quinn. He was almost positive these were Dalki structures. He had seen them in his lessons and on the news time and time again.
"The boy is right." the system replied. "These resemble the structures that were built in my time."
The system didn't answer any of the questions Quinn had right now and only confused him even more.
"Fex, have you ever seen Dalki structures?" Quinn asked. There was one possibility Quinn thought. Perhaps the two structures were similar and Quinn himself was being confused. Maybe there was something that he couldn't spot.
"Actually no, I'll be honest, maybe you know more about the Dalki because you live on earth but we weren’t taught about them. I've never seen a Dalki either, only heard them being mentioned from time to time by one of the elders."
From Fex's answer, there seemed to be a couple of possibilities. The fact that the Dalki and vampires use the same material, perhaps their technologies are on par with each other and it would make sense why their structures looked similar.
The strange black substance, that humans were never able to figure out how to use properly, so they stuck using Glathreium over it.
The other possibility was somehow the Dalki and vampires were linked together, but this seemed even more farfetched, especially since Fex didn't even really know what a Dalki was.
"Well, do you know why the vampire and Dalki structures look so similar?" Quinn asked, hoping to find an answer. "Also, if it is a vampire structure why did they build one here underground?"
"They do? Well, that's strange. I'll be honest I'm not the best person to ask. When it comes to vampires I'm young. I'm sure the elders or others will know the answer to your question or maybe even a better student, I never paid attention in class." Fex said laughing nervously.
"For your second question, I don't know either, it looks like this place has been here for a while, maybe it was one of the planets the vampires used before, moving to another. It would make sense why it was built underground in the first place as well."
"What about you, system, did the Dalki exist during your time?" Quinn asked in his head.
"The Dalki did not exist while I was still active." the system replied.
Quinn made a small note in his head about how the system replied. It seemed the choice of words it had used was oddly specific but he knew if he pressed further, the system would just give his usual resistance.
"There is one thing we can do?" Quinn said. "Why don't we check out some of the buildings, maybe there will be something inside which will tell us if it was the Dalki's who made this or the Vampires. I'm especially interested to see what they would have in that tower structure."
"Hey, it looks like you read my mind," Fex replied with a chuckle.
The two of them walked through the strange building structures, and the more they started to walk the more it looked like a town. There were streets with buildings lined up on both sides. If you followed the streets far enough, it would eventually lead them to one of the tunnels they had come through.
Looking at the walls, it looked like several tunnels lead to the town.
The two of them had entered some of the first few houses, but they seemed to be void of any items whatsoever. There weren't even beds inside, but it was clear that they were normal family structures.
As Quinn entered the place he could imagine a family living here, with all the different rooms, but while looking at the place he just wondered what happened here.
They entered a few more buildings on their way, but they couldn’t find anything. Eventually, they decided to no longer enter the small buildings, as it seemed to be a waste of time. If they were going to find anything, it would be in the tower structure near the middle.
For the first time, as they got closer to the tower, it looked like some of the buildings had been destroyed. As if they had taken part in a battle. The top had crumbled to the ground and some structures no longer existed.
Seeing this worried Fex a little. He knew how tough the material was and if something was able to destroy that, they needed to have some level of strength.
They continued to walk down the street. They still had some distance to cover, but the tower could be seen directly in front of them.
Just then, they heard a sound of growling from the sides.
"Where is that sound coming from?" Quinn said.
They could both hear the growling clearly, but it seemed like they were several of them and if he was right they were currently surrounded.
"I guess it's time to call on some extra help." Fex touched his ear and pulled on his dangling earring. Suddenly in the palm of his hand, the earring started to glow until eventually, it started to change its shape, forming what looked like a cross between a bull and bat.
"Ham here at your service!" the bull said excitedly as it flew in a circle.
*****

EP-246 Grinding time
If the students saw a flying bull-like creature, it would have immediately caused alarm bells to ring, and there would be a hunt for a beast inside of school.
This was why Fex had also kept him hidden as an earring, but right now they were underground, it was unlikely any other students would be down here, and even if they were, it wouldn't be so strange to see a beast flying around on a beast planet. All Fex would have to do was pretend he didn't know his companion and later meet up with him again.
"Finally, finally, I get to spread my wings about!" Ham cheered.
Quinn had so many questions he wanted to ask Fex right now. He was curious about the little beast and wondered if it had been with Fex the whole time, what it could do, and if every vampire was able to get some type of companion.
The problem was Quinn was unable to tell what was the norm with vampires and what wasn't. He could ask the system, but it wasn't the right time.
"Can you sense what's around us?" Fex asked.
Ham closed its eyes, allowing it to concentrate. "I think some beasts are surrounding us," Ham replied.
"We know that!" Fex shouted. "We wanted to know how many and how strong. If you aren't going to help, then you were better off on my ear as a fashion accessory."
Ham responded to the complaints by pulling out its fairly large and fat tongue.
"This place is disturbing the flow of my powers." Ham then started to look around where they were. "Wait are we back home?"
"You are useless," Fex said. While in the earring, Ham was able to see everything that was going outside. As long as he was paying attention and him saying this, made it clear that he wasn't.
While the two of them were busy arguing, the creatures that were busy growling away at them, from the dark and behind the crumbled buildings revealed themselves.
The two boys were surrounded by what looked like strange dog-like creatures. There were more than twenty and possibly, even more, in hiding.
The dogs had no fur but displayed a slight tint of red on their skin. Their tounges were out, dangling from their mouth. A bit longer than regular dogs and a little pointed.
However, the most creepy thing about them was they didn’t have eyes. The long tongue with their teeth showing, but nothing, where their eyes were meant to be, was quite the frightening site.
[Inspect]
Although Ham was unable to give them the information they wanted, the same couldn't be said for Quinn.
[Basic tier beast - Furry hound]
[A beast who is blind but has sensitive hearing. It can locate its enemy's position even with the quietest of footsteps. It will often use its long tongue for attacks. The tongue is stronger than most.]
Seeing this information put a smile on Quinn's face. If it was an intermediate-tier beast or higher, Quinn didn't know what to do. Now he only had one thought on his mind.
'It's grinding time.'
Now unafraid of the beasts, Quinn wanted to get a kill before Fex, just in case, no one had killed the beast before. Immediately, Quinn lifted his leg, ready to perform the crescent roundhouse blood kick.
"Wait, Quinn, we don't know how strong they are yet, it might be best if we just run!" Fex shouted out, but it was too late.
Quinn had finished his motion, and the attack had already left his leg. The distance between him and the beast wasn't great but Quinn chose to use the blood kick to try to finish the beast in one strike.
Hearing the attack through the air, the dog prepared to jump away but it was too slow and as it turned its body was sliced in half.
[10 exp gained]
[Fisrt time killing beast (Furry hound) 100 bonus exp gained]
[2640/3200 exp]
Quinn had received the bonus points for killing a new creature, but he did not obtain any more bonus points. It was expected since the beast was in some type of establishment. They likely had contact with something else that had killed it before.
Thinking about this, he felt lucky that he even got the first kill bonus on the rock beast above ground.
Seeing how easy Quinn dealt with the beast, Fex decided to step it up a gear as well. "Ham above!" Fex shouted and immediately, Ham flew up in the sky. Fex then lept in the air and attached one of his strings to the ring around Ham's nose.
As Ham rose into the air, so did Fex, and now he could see the hounds in the area below.
"Have you gained some weight, you haven't just been pigging out have you?" Ham complained as he struggled to lift the young master.
"Shut up, you've just gotten weaker." From above, Fex was easily able to see his targets. As he detached himself and started swirling down, he precisely knew where to throw out his pieces of strings.
"Hardern" As the strings fell, power surging through him left his body and was inserted into the strings, now making them just as hard and sharp as a sword.
When Fex landed, the strings went down with him, slicing the hounds to pieces.
Five of the hounds were killed in an instant.
Quinn continued to battle it out with hounds, while doing so he was cautious about using his blood abilities. They were underground, and there was no telling when they would get out of here.
He didn't want a similar situation happening like last time. So instead, Quinn stuck to the basics, attacking with both the basic vampire and human martial arts. His stats that entered into strength and his intermediate tier equipment was enough to allow him to easily deal with the beasts.
One of the dogs swung its head out, wrapping its tongue around Quinn's gauntlet. It tried to pull using its strength, but when Quinn didn't move an inch, the dog looked slightly confused.
Then, he pulled his arm with all his might, and the dog's tongue was completely dislodged from its mouth. The site looked cruel, but they had been the first to attack.
Finally, all the hounds in the area were defeated. Fex had defeated 15 of them, while Quinn had 8. There seemed to be more, but after seeing many of their kind defeated, they quickly rushed off.
Comparing the two numbers, Quinn could tell that he still wasn't quite at Fex level, but with improvements in his shadow ability and others, he could tell he wasn't far off.
[2720/3200 exp]
After defeating the dogs, Quinn decided to collect the crystals. Fex didn't look too bothered. Basic tier crystals weren't worth his time, but Quinn still thought they might come in handy in creating a weapon from the system.
"Boss, you're not planning to head to that tower are you?" Ham said as it flew up in the air. With its little hoof, it started to rub its nose. Pulling Fex up using the ring, had gotten his nose a little sore.
"Yeah, we wanted to find out a few things, maybe a map or something is telling us the way out of here. Why what's wrong?" Fex said.
"I think there might be danger there," Ham replied.
"I thought you said you can't sense anything down here?" Fex asked, annoyed.
"I can't, but something in my gut is telling me."
While Ham and Fex were busy talking, a notification screen appeared directly in front of Quinn.
[5 exp shared]
It was a message that he had never received before, and he found it strange that it came up while he had done nothing. Reading the message carefully, made Quinn think back to what the system had mentioned.
Quinn would gain exp, as long as Peter had killed something and was nearby.
****

EP-247 Blast away!
She also still had the fear that if she left Logan's side, Pio might lash out at her any second now. She hadn't done much, but there had been several instances where she had angered him. At first, she didn't think it would be a big deal. Even though her ability was a support type, she was able to handle her own, many times against those around a similar level to her but something about Pio frightened her.
With all this going on, she is now even too afraid to ask for the torches that were placed in Pio's bag. She thought once he brought them out for himself she could ask, but he never did.
Logan continued to walk confidently, leading the way, he knew exactly where he wanted to go as he picked one of the tunnels without checking the others. When the scanner stopped working while he was coming down here, he used his trusty memory hence, he is familiar with his destination now. 
It wasn't a hard decision for him anyway. All the tunnels on one side would lead to other rooms like this one, while all the other tunnels lead to the same place.
He wore the suit, and he even had it protecting his head, while walking through the tunnel.
While traveling, their group also discovered the same type of blue crystals embedded into the wall. Naturally, Logan decided to take one for research but he already had an idea of what it was just by looking at it.
Peter didn't care for it, and Cia, although interested, had a lot more concerns on her mind right now.
After exiting the tunnel, they too could see the magnificent sight of the strange town and although it came as a surprise to the other two, Logan had already expected this. It was exactly what had come up, on the scanner. Before even thinking about going up and getting out of here, he needed to visit this place. How could he pass the opportunity to do some research on some Dalki architecture?
The blue crystal seemed to be randomly scattered through the city. Lighting up certain building and wall areas. It wasn't enough to be called a light source but allowed Cia to see the outline of a few buildings.
The one visible place was the tower that stood in the center. Like a beaming torch in the middle. It had the most amount of crystal on the very top illuminating it in the dark.
"No, no, no doesn't this mean the Dalki were here before us?" Cia looked like she was about to collapse onto the floor. "We need help, we need to call the sergeants somehow, this looks like a whole town. What if this is an army base!!"
"Relax," Logan replied. "Although my scanner doesn't work down here, when I checked from above, there didn't seem to be any type of civilization living here. Although there were other things."
Cia wanted to question what Logan meant by other things, but she already knew the answer and thought it would just be foolish. He was talking about beasts.
Without saying anything to the others, Logan started to walk down the path onto the street. Peter also decided to follow without saying anything. The two of them walked in the middle of the street fearlessly.
While looking at their backs, Cia couldn't help but think they were crazy. However, as Logan walked away so did the light source that was surrounding her. The darkness around started to creep in, it felt suffocating and she couldn't help but think something was watching her.
*Grrrrr...
'What was that!' Cia thought as she quickly turned her head towards the noise. Although she couldn't see anything, the sound of something scurrying off in a certain direction could be heard.
She couldn't take it anymore and run towards Logan.
After checking a few buildings, Logan concluded that there was nothing of worth from the buildings around him. However, while using his scanner from above he could see all the building structures and things around it, but he was unable to see what was inside the tower.
This, of course, made Logan even more curious. As they got closer to the tower Logan transformed his robotic arms into two round blasters.
"What was that? Did you see something?" Cia asked.
"While scanning this area earlier I found that the beasts seemed to be concatenated around the tower. Strange right? Low-level beasts don't usually have a form of high intelligence, they hunt sleep, and eat. Sometimes they do this in packs and might have a type of territory, but this seems oddly specific.
In a place as large as this, and with many beasts, usually, they would be several territories and maybe several packs. So why are they all centered around the tower? As if they were guarding it, or gathering around it for some reason."
Cia had disregarded most of what Logan had said, the only thing she had heard was they were heading to an area where beasts lived and she was wondering if she had made the right decision to follow the two in the first place.
As they continued to walk down the street, suddenly, Peter ran straight off to the side, into one of the buildings. This sudden movement surprised Logan since he was yet to see anything. 
He had gone into the darkness and the others were unable to see him. Logan did have night vision equipment built into his helmet to help him see, but it was grainy and didn't allow him to see far ahead.
A few moments later and Peter returned holding what looked like a dog in his hand. Black blood splattered over him and the dog was carried lifeless.
"They've been following us," Peter said. "And more are coming.'
It didn't take long after Peter's warning, because Logan and even Cia could now see several dogs in view.
Without hesitation, both Logan and Cia started to attack the dogs. She threw out spears, slowing the ones jumping towards her and leaping out of the way. While Logan was able to fire out beams of energy that knocked the dogs away finishing them in one blast.
Logan's blasters were effective when it came to basic tier beasts, but things at a much higher level or the Dalki would pretty much be non effective.. The suit itself was made from beast gear mixed in with technological parts. His blasters and the energy coming out from them were not made from beast gear.
It had the same effect as explosions of the past. The problem was the Dalki and higher tier beasts had a resistance to this. Seeing that they were lower-tiered beasts, Logan didn't hold back blasting his beams of energy at every one of them.
Soon they realized, there wasn't much for Peter and Cia to do. Peter had managed to defeat a couple more, but Logan would blast most of them away before they even got close.
Eventually, the beasts stopped leaping through the air, and Logan stopped using his blasters. There was a limited supply of energy and if they stopped attacking then Logan would do the same.
However, something strange occurred. They had managed to kill around thirty different dogs in total. Both Peter and Logan could see, there were still plenty around them. Still, they didn't run away but stood there at the edge of the street next to the buildings, growling.
"Why aren't they attacking?" Cia asked.
"That is something I would like to know the answer to as well," Logan replied.
On closer inspection, it seemed like the dogs were no longer looking at them, instead, they were facing the street, looking out towards the tower in front of them.
"They are shaking," Peter said. "The beasts, I can tell they're scared."
From the street, the sounds of footsteps could be heard. Whatever was coming towards them was frightening the beasts even more. Because with each footstep, it looked like the beasts were pulling back slightly.
Even Logan, a level 8 user who was defeating each of the beasts in one go didn't have the same effect.
Finally, the figure was starting to come into view. From out of the shadow a dark outline could be seen, It had a human outline shape but it was still hard to make out. Still, Logan was sure of one thing, it was clear it wasn't human... it was a beast.
For the first time during the drip, Logan started to sweat heavily in his suit. If a beast had a humanoid figure it meant one thing. The opponent they were about to face, was at least at the king tier.
*****

EP-248 Calming song
It was the only thing that made sense, and would also explain why the system had used the word "Share". This meant one thing. Peter was close. He didn't know how or why Peter was down here as well, but if he had to guess Peter probably chose to come down here to follow him.
It was strange though, even though the system was able to pick up the exp points from Peter. Quinn was still unable to sense Peter's presence like he could when he was above ground.
"What's wrong?" Fex asked as he could see, Quinn was deep in thought.
Quinn wanted to go searching for Peter. He didn't know how far away he needed to be for the system to pick up the exp, but the fact that he got experience points in the first place, meant right now he was fighting other beasts.
"I think I might have spotted a strange-looking building over in that direction." Said Quinn. "Do you mind if we check it out first before going to the tower?"
Fex shrugged his shoulders and replied. "Hey, it's not like we know how to get out of this place anyway."
Both of their eyesights were as good as each other. Nearly all vampires could see as well. The only thing that improved as they grew stronger was their senses. Perhaps a stronger vampire would be able to sense energy in a specific direction, but in terms of how far or well they could see in the dark, it was near all the same.
Looking in the direction that Quinn had pointed to, Fex could see nothing that looked out of the ordinary. Still, Fex was curious why the sudden change in direction.
As they were closer to the tower, the area around it wasn't as wide. If Quinn was to go in a circle, perhaps he can spot them. Without his senses, there was no way to tell which direction to go in. As Quinn was thinking about it, another message appeared.
[5 exp shared]
The message just confirmed that Peter was still in combat. Peter was strong, but if he was surrounded by multiple basic tier beasts like they were just moments ago, he wouldn't get out of it unscratched. Even with his super healing. It would mean he would eventually have to consume human flesh once again. So Quinn picked a random direction and headed off.
*****
Slowly, Layla's eyes started to open, her vision was blurry at first but what stood out to her was the pain in the back of her head. She instinctively placed her hand, and the stinging was worse. Looking at her hand, dried particles of blood had rubbed off onto it. It was hard to see in the dark, but she knew from the feeling.
"Are you okay?" Vorden asked.
As she looked up, her vision had returned, and she could see the person who had put her in this situation, standing right next to her.
"Get away from me!" Layla said in a panic. She pushed her feet off the floor against her, and once again, her head had banged into the wall.
Vorden did as asked and slowly backed away, seeing that she was panicked. She had already been hurt, and Vorden didn't want to cause any more pain.
"Calm down, I'm not going to hurt you," Vorden said.
The sound of sobbing could be heard, Layla had planted her head between her knees and let out all the emotions away. "Why do you behave like this, to me?" She cried.
Seeing Layla like this, Vorden felt a sudden ache in his heart. He never wanted her to get hurt.
"I'm...Sorry." Vorden said.
The sobbing started to stop, and Layla began to get a grip on her emotions. It seemed like Vorden was back to his usual self. The air around him that she noticed in the past was no longer there. But she knew it could flick like a switch. It was as if he was bipolar.
Seeing that Vorden was okay now, and she didn’t want to step on his toes, she thought maybe she could find out the reason. It wasn't normal to be like this, and at the Pure base, she had seen cases similar to him.
It was going to be hard for her. Her hands couldn't stop trembling, as someone far more powerful than her standing right in front of her. A wrong move or a word could end her life, and she felt like it.
"Vorden are you okay, sometimes it seems like, you suddenly change. I want to believe you when you say you don't mean to hurt me. But when I end up like this." As Layla spoke, her voice was shaky, she tried her best to hide it, but Vorden could feel the fear.
Lately, the changes happening to Vorden had become more frequent. In the past, he remained in control most of the time, but there were plenty of times recently when he needed to rely on others for help.
And now for the first time in a while, Sil was actively asking for a seat. As these changes happened, it was expected that people would start to notice. The worst thought in his mind was the possibility of one of the others taking control of the seat.
They didn't have the social skills that Vorden possessed to keep up his image. If they took over, he wouldn't know what to do.
"When I first met Quinn, I knew he was different," Vorden replied. "Perhaps, for the same reasons you were attracted to him, I was too. He was plain, a level one user, but had this look in his eyes that said he still had a fight in him, not like the others. Of course, at the time, I didn't know he was a vampire.
"In my old school, there were quite a few Quinns. They were the same, they still had hope, still had a fight in them, but eventually, they were broken down and beaten, submitted to the system just like everyone else. It was rare to see someone make it into military school without already being broken. You could even see it with Peter.
"I was sick of it, sick of everything, and decided if I could at least save one person, it would be enough for me. Maybe I could show Quinn that even as a level one user, not everyone treated you the same, and you could make it through in the world. Then I got wrapped up in all this vampire business."
It was a good explanation, and Layla could tell there was some truth behind Vorden's words, but she could also tell that he was missing out on some key points and details. The question was, why though?
"What does that have to do with me though, can't we both get along with Quinn?" Layla asked. "Are you jealous or something?"
"Not me..." Vorden mumbled, too quiet for Layla to hear.
"I haven't exactly had the best of experiences since coming here," Vorden replied. "I was tied up and beaten by the second years, shoved to a red portal planet, and now stuck here. I think it's normal to be a bit unstable after what we have been through."
As Vorden finished what he was saying, he took a step forward. Layla reacted by shuffling her Knees closer to herself, curling into a ball. The sight of this reminded him of Sil, and in a sweet calming voice, he did what he usually did without thinking about it... Vorden started to sing.
"It will be okay, I will make your worries go away...I am by your side... I will always be kind." As she listened to the soft angelic voice, without realizing it, Vorden was already next to her once again.
Her hands had stopped trembling. "What was that?" She asked. "An ability?"
Vorden started to laugh. "It was a song my mother used to sing to me to calm me down."
He gently lifted his hand and touched her head, bringing it down and closer to his chest. All his movements were so soft as he inspected the wound. It was a side of Vorden she had never seen before.
"I like this Vorden." Layla said.
*****

EP-249 Buy me time
Perhaps Peter didn't study as well at school and thought it was just a regular beast, or when he had evolved everything about him changed. Right now it didn't look like he could feel fear like the others.
Beasts were separated into different tiers. The tiers were based on the crystals that were embedded in their body. The more powerful the crystal, the higher the tier of the beast. This, however, didn't always mean they were stronger.
Depending on the beast's structure or abilities, sometimes in rare cases, some were more difficult to deal with. This was unlikely the case because a higher-tier beast can draw more power from the crystal.
Basic tier, intermediate tier, Advanced tier, and right now, they were about to face something that was at least at king tier level. There were levels above this, including the highest level ever given, the Demon tier.
Throughout history, whenever a beast that had a humanoid shape was discovered, it would at least be at the king tier level or above. There were still beasts that were at this level that didn't have a humanoid shape, but a humanoid type beast has never been lower than a king tier.
Knowing that he would need everyone's help. Logan immediately changed one of his blasters' shapes slightly allowing it to be more narrow. The armor shifted at a fantastic speed, and when it had finished transforming, Logan quickly fired three blasts into the buildings around them.
The shots weren't energy blasts like before. Instead, these were sticky light balls. They allowed a considerable amount of light to be shown and would easily stick onto whatever object they hit.
There were two reasons for Logan doing this, one was to allow them to see their opponent more easily. If a creature came from the dark, their eyes and senses should be adjusted to the environment down here.
He had to even the playing field, and it would also allow Cia to help them. The second reason was related to the first.
The sticky lights had been shot in a triangle formation around them. One to the left, one to the right, and one slightly behind where the King tier beast was standing. This lit up the entire street.
Although the dogs couldn't see the strange light, they could feel it and were frightened away. What Logan hoped for was that the light source would hurt, or blind the king tier beast's sensitive eyes but it seemed to have no effect, as it continued to walk forward.
"What is that thing?" Cia said, trembling. Now that there was a light source, Cia could see what Logan could see, and she knew straight away the danger of the beast. "Should we run?" She asked, looking for an answer from Logan who seemed to be the only one acting.
"Run? There's no point running, the moment we turn our back, we will die," Peter said.
Hearing this Logan realized Peter was perhaps more aware of the situation than he had thought. He knew there was nothing they could do.
The beast slowly continued to walk towards the group, and by now all of the dogs in the area had already scurried away. Now not only could the beast's outer shape be seen, but all of its details were in view.
Although it had an outer human shape, it was a bit on the larger end, it stood around eight feet tall. Its body was twisted and strange as if it was made of mud and rocks. The muscle structure of the creature was outlined with plant roots. While the rest just looked like a mound of mud. What was frightening about it though, was in the upper mound part of its body. Several human skeletons could be seen half-sunken in its body and half sticking out. A skull, a rib cage, and other parts as well.
It was as if the beast had been made from all the parts around it. Finally, on its too-long arms, there were no fingers. Instead, they were long and sharp like a blade. From the forearm downward, it looked like the mud tree-like material changed into a harder substance. The blades shined green in color like a hard jade.
"Cia, Pio!" Logan shouted. "Buy me some time." Logan was unprepared to meet something like this down here. He thought that if the school was prepared to send some students to an orange portal planet.
They would have at least sent them to one, where at most the advanced tier level beasts had been reported to be seen.
There was no point attacking the beast with his current blasters; it would do nothing. What Logan needed to do was, get his most powerful weapon and suit on, but it would take some time. His suit started to break down into little spiders. They were eventually all scattered on the floor. From the ground up, they started to rebuild a different type of suit right in front of him.
"Come on faster you guys," Logan said. "I know you usually do your best, but right now I need you more than ever."
The unconfirmed king tier beast continued to slowly walk as if it was a king taking a stroll through its kingdom. Peter could see Logan's spiders building something, and knew their best chance of survival right now was relying on him.
If they wanted to live, They needed to do what was asked of them. Cia could see Peter was about to move forward and shouted.
"No, wait! The thing still hasn't attacked us yet. Maybe if we don't attack it, it will just walk past us."
Peter took a look at the beast, it had now stopped walking forward and stood in the middle of the street. It placed one of its bladed hands in front of the other and scraped them against each other. A slight screeching sound could be heard, as the beast continued this process.
"No,' Peter said. "It already considers us intruders. It will keep attacking us until we're gone. I can tell." With those words said, Peter threw his bag to the ground and dashed forward.
It was at an incredible speed that Peter had not displayed until this point, and it was a surprise to him. This was because Quinn had gotten stronger, and in return. Peter's stats had increased.
Usually, Peter would do his best to hide his abilities. The speed he was running at right now was not possible for a human who wasn't wearing any beast gear or didn't have any ability. But it wasn't the time to hide their powers, it was a matter of life and death.
Although Cia was frightened, she wasn't stupid. She too got into position, dashing towards one of the sides of the building. While doing so, she threw out her spirit spears.
"Please hit!" She prayed. If the beast was indeed a king tier, then there wasn't much chance that her spears would hit the target.
However, the beast stood there and allowed the spears to be lodged into the upper part of its body.
"Is it going easy on us?" She thought. At the same time, she wondered what Peter was planning to do. He held no beast weapons and only had his regenerative ability, he would be killed in a matter of moments.
When Peter was in range, the beast swung down its blade hand. Using all his strength, Peter swung both his fists together like a tennis racket.
"This is it," Cia said. "No human has the strength to match a beast with their bare hands."
As the hands met with the side of the blade, the power was surprisingly equal, the blades were knocked away, but Peter hadn't budged.
"What is going on, who is this person!" Cia said, surprised.
The beast was confused. While fighting it would purposely match its strength based on the opponent in front of it. It was sure, it had gauged Peter well. What it didn't account for, was the spirit spears in its body.
Adjusting its power, it swung its blade faster and stronger with its other hand. Peter was unable to do anything. All he could see now was the dark black ceiling above.
Peter's legs had been cleanly cut off.
****

EP-250 Heroes arrive at the last second
The fear in Cia's heart grew even more, as for a moment she felt like she had tricked herself. When she saw how Pio was somehow able to match the strength of the beast. She didn't know how, she didn't know why, but she felt like maybe they had a chance to get out of here alive.
However, the beast was simply toying with them, the next attack from the beast was a lot faster than the previous one and now Peter's legs had been completely detached from his body.
It was a strange sight to see, as the beast was towering over Peter. Although his bladed hands were long, it seemed like the roots that were attached to the hard part of the creature could extend and retract.
It was hard for her to confirm her theory, science seemed to happen in an instant, and she was still trying to get over the shock.
Even with her sprint spear inside the beast, it had little to no effect. She felt like her attacks were useless. The beast then walked forward, ignoring Peter on the ground. Cia then noticed that its body seemed to be facing in a certain direction. It had chosen its next target.
It was looking at Logan...
The suit's creation was almost done. It was mostly silver in color, matching that of the spiders. Unlike the previous one which was quite large and bulky, looking almost mech-light. This one suited Logan's body shape and stature more.
Only the last part remained which was the head. Logan saw the beast coming towards him and decided to quickly place his body into the suit. He planned on allowing the spiders to complete the final part.
On the top of his hands, were two circular rings. Around the edge of the rings were small little metallic claws that looked similar to a tooth. "It's still not active." Said Logan looking at the circular rings, "the suit needs to be complete before I can do anything. Just a few more seconds..."
Taking another step, the beast suddenly felt something grabbing onto its leg. As it looked down, it could see the opponent that it had already defeated.
Peter continued to grasp at the tree trunk-like leg as hard as he could. Once again, the beast looked down, this time it lifted its arm, and started to extend above its head. Cia realized that she was indeed not imagining things, the beast could retract and extend its limbs.
As the beast swung downward, Cia squinted. She couldn't watch anymore. Still, she needed to…
When she opened her eyes once again. Peter's arm had been removed from his body.
"Peter..." Logan said.
The suit of armor had been completed. The suit was mostly silver in color and the top helmet part covering the head was a single pane of glass going from the chin up to the top of the head.
The chest was plated in a green metal, while the two circles on top of his hands were also outlined in green.
"This won't be enough," Logan predicted after witnessing the fight between Peter and the beast. He had seen Peter fight in the VR game and he could gauge his strength. There was still one more thing Logan needed. "A weapon."
A strange square-like device was attached to Logan's belt. He chucked the strange object on the floor and it suddenly expanded into what looked like a large chest. Logan quickly grabbed some crystals from the chest.
"Others might think this is a waste, but our lives are on the line." After taking out the crystals, the device returned to its original size, and a robotic spider jumped up retuning it around his waist.
After placing the two crystals in his hand, the green-like circles started to glow.
A female robotic voice sounded inside his head.
[Two Intermediate Tier Crystals Detected.]
[An Energy Weapon is being generated.]
"Still needs more time… Looks like it needs more time than I had previously predicted. That or the worry inside me is making me feel like this is taking forever." Logan said.
The beast was now only a few meters away from Logan's position. The problem was, now that he knew the beast was able to extend its limbs, it was hard for him to gauge its true attack range distance.
After analyzing his opponent, Logan felt like this suit was the best against it, but he was beginning to have second thoughts about whether or not he had made the right decision. The suit he used most of the time was equally balanced when it came, to power, defense and speed.
The suit he had formed now focused on attack power. After seeing what the creature looked like he thought it was the best option. With a small body frame and arms for weapons, he wanted to fight fire with fire. However, now that he knew it had some range. Perhaps something speed-oriented would have been better.
The other problem was, that the suit was pretty useless when it came to defense, and right now his weapon hadn't even finished forming.
Just as Logan was planning to dash towards it, a familiar voice shouted from behind the beast.
"Hey, if you want to forget about me, you have to make sure you've killed me first!" Peter shouted.
As Cia turned her head to look at who was shouting, she was amazed. She rubbed her eyes a few times just to make sure she wasn't hallucinating. It was Pio. He was standing on his two feet, and his arm was regenerated.
She knew he had impressive regenerative abilities, but this was something out of this world. Inhuman almost.
As Peter stood there, she noticed he had his hand over his belly. His regenerative powers were impressive, but he had used too much energy and for the first time, he felt hungry.
He started having second thoughts, if he was to get this severely injured once more, then maybe he wouldn't be able to regenerate anymore.
The beast turned and looked at Peter, tilting its body slightly to the side. It seemed confused. Its interest piqued and once again he started to walk towards Peter.
Although Peter had regenerated, he hadn't suddenly gotten stronger. If he was to face the creature again it would be the same outcome.
As Peter saw it heading towards him, he was trying to decide what to do.
"Should I go for its legs? But it's too fast. Maybe I should run and attack. Just because its attack speed is fast doesn't mean its legs are fast."
However, as Peter had finished that thought, the roots in its legs contracted, then pushed off the ground, propelling it forward like some type of spring. It was now directly in Peter's face in a matter of seconds.
It swung its arm out and Peter could see the blade. With his reaction speed, he was able to react to the attack, but he could tell that he was a little too late and the blade this time would chop his head off.
"If only I was a little bit faster!" Peter shouted.
A fraction of a second was all he needed.
He continued to duck down with all his might, and as he did, the sound of an object swinging fast through the air was heard.
"My head, it's alright, it's still on me." Peter thought.
Looking at the beast, spirit spears could be seen plunging deep into its body. Cia who had been watching from the side was deeply confused.
She looked closely at the spears that were inside the beast. They looked identical to her own, the only problem was, that she wasn't the one who had thrown them. Those spirit spears hadn't come from her, which meant they could have only come from one person.
She had seen the same thing happen before.
"They say, heroes always arrive at the last second," Vorden said with a smile as he appeared out from one of the buildings with Layla standing by his side.
****

EP-252 A special Question
From the corner of her eye, she could see a black hair boy, pulling and twitching off to the side.
"What was his name again, Fex?' Cia thought. "Wasn't he a level one?" But she didn't stay long to find out. While the beast was stuck in a place she quickly ran off to where Layla and Logan were standing.
As the beast saw its bladed arm being wrapped around by the strange shadow substance, while also being pulled by the strings. I wondered which one was affecting it more.
For some reason, even though it was using all its strength it was unable to move its arm forward to kill its target. It was something it had never experienced before.
A whisper was suddenly heard in Peter's ear.
"Go join the others," Quinn said. "You've fought enough and if you get hurt again, who knows if you will survive."
Peter looked to his side and saw Quinn standing there. He had already equipped all of his beast gear equipment, before coming over ready for a battle. Still, even he and Fex were unprepared for what they were facing.
There was no joy on his face, it was dead serious and Quinn was fully concentrating.
"If you are in trouble, I won't hesitate to sacrifice myself," Peter said as he walked off to where the others were. Before leaving Peter turned once again. "Quinn, it's strong."
Looking at the beast, still curious about its movements Quinn replied.
"I know."
[New Quest received]
[Defeat the king of the underground city]
[King tier beast: Likmorn]
[ The town has been left behind, and in its empty place, the beasts began to take over. Amongst the many, eventually, a single creature took over, calming the seat and title of the king... The others do his bidding as he protects the treasure located in the tower.]
[Quest reward ????]
Peter didn't need to say anything, as soon as Quinn saw the strange beast, the system had immediately activated a quest for him. It had been a while since the system automatically gave him a task.
Usually, it would appear when he faced a strong opponent of some sort. This also happened when he faced Leo. He found it strange that nothing had come up for the advanced tier beast.
But it was probably because the system didn't deem it as special enough for the planet they were on. What interested Quinn about this strange quest, was for the first time, it seemed to inform a little bit about how the creature came to be.
'Is it because of the area we are in? Maybe it is related to the vampires and not the Dalki after all.'
The information also revealed that it had been acting as a guard for the tower. If such a strong beast was guarding it and had stayed underground, Quinn couldn't even begin to imagine what it was trying to protect.
Lastly, the quest reward for defeating the beast. Even when going against Leo there was a clear quest reward and an instant level up. For some reason though, this one was hidden. He didn't know why, but the fact that it was hidden only got him curious.
The real problem was though, could they beat it? A king-tier beast. He started to think back about all the students going up against the advance tier beats, and even with fifty of them they were unable to kill such a thing.
The ones that were left to fight were Fex, Vorden, himself, and Logan. But it seemed like Logan was still busy with something else. Cia was out of it, and would no longer be of any use.
The difference between this fight and the one earlier was that Fex and Quinn were willing to display their full powers. Cia could always be hypnotized for later and even if she couldn't. All their lives were more important than one.
The beast was no longer curious about the strange shadow and strings, and pulled its arm back out of the shadow. Seeing this, Quinn quickly returned it to himself. There was one great advantage to them being underground.
Quinn's shadow powers were stronger. Even with the artificial light source from Logan. Just being in a darker environment increased the distance of his shadows. It was only because of this, that he was able to use it a distance away from himself.
As the beast moved its hand, Fex for the first time felt its enormous strength.
"What!He wasn't this strong before, was he?" Fex said, as his hands started to ache holding onto the strings. "Does this mean, Quinn's shadow was doing most of the work?"
He could no longer hold on and it was just the waist. It seemed like the beast was moving just fine with or without his strings.
"I need to help them," Vorden said.
Vorden was now standing by the others' side, the five of them went to hide behind a building, out of the street and out of the way of what was about to go down.
[70 percent of energy weapon has been created]
Whatever Logan was doing, it looked like it still wasn't ready yet and he couldn't join the fight.
"Logan, do you mind if I touch you?" Vorden asked.
"Even if you copy my ability. It's not like others." Logan explained. "You won't be able to get a clear grasp and the ability itself is pretty useless honestly. It was only because I was able to implement it with my brain, that I was able to come up with a use. Not saying you don't have brains of course but you understand..."
"Logan, stop rambling and trust me."
Noticing that Vorden was trustworthy, and had come with ideas so far, Logan decided to put a bit of faith in him. Part of the suit that was covering the arm shifted upward, as the suit broke down into hundreds of little spiders.
And they did a handshake.
With that, Vorden started to move. He didn't go onto the street like the others thought he would, instead he went through the buildings down the side looking for the perfect spot.
His aim was never to use Logan's ability, but only the MC cells that came with it. He had already used a large amount, throwing out spears constantly. Still, with Logan's level 8 ability, he had to have a large amount, not only that but if he could get Raten or Sil to fight. They would be able to combine the other abilities. Making a spirit spear above a level 8 ability. The level fours didn't do much, but surely this would have an effect.
The only problem was, that the beast was now cautious against the spears, so Vorden wanted to get in the perfect location, waiting for the right time. Sometimes, when the ability level was higher, it would also consume more MC points with each use of the ability.
There was no time for testing and no second chances against a foe like this.
"This is crazy!" Cia shouted. "Why are the two-level ones, the weakest in our team out there fighting. Are they idiots, are they trying to get themselves killed?" She yelled.
Suddenly, a hand came towards her face and the right side of her cheek stung. When she looked at the person who had slapped her, she could see Layla was the one who had done it.
"It's because of those idiots that you're even alive!" Layla shouted.
"Layla....what do you mean?" Cia asked, holding her face.
As Cia looked closely, she could see a dark purple shadow emitting from Quinn's back.
"Those two, level ones, are the strongest level ones you will ever see."
****