Kelly stood beside Alex at Ramsey Lake for two hours. The wind was fierce, and Alex coughed and sneezed frequently. She was really worried about him, but all she could do was stand beside him, so he wasn’t alone.
Alex’s deep feelings for Debbie frustrated Kelly, and for the first time, she doubted herself. Would she be able to steal him away from her?
“It’s noon,” she said, squatting down beside him. “Why don’t we go and get some lunch?” 
“I’m not hungry, but you can go,” he said, his eyes still trained on the lake, as if he could see Debbie out there.
Kelly helplessly looked at him, and then she turned around and left.
A little later, she came back with some food. She handed a box to Alex and said, “I brought you lunch. Eat it, or else you’ll get really weak.”
Alex felt a trace of warmth toward her when he realized she hadn’t left him but had instead gone to get him food.
“I don’t want it,” he said. “You can eat it.” He was careful to keep his face expressionless. He knew how Kelly felt about him, and he wasn’t going to encourage her.
“Come on, have some,” she teased him, smiling. “I bought two, and I don’t even want you to pay me back.” She wanted him to relax a little, but she was running out of ideas. She just wanted him to eat properly.
“I told you I didn’t want it!” he yelled, knocking the box onto the ground. He was stunned when he saw the food spilling out. She had brought him seafood risotto, which had a special meaning for him.
“Why would you buy me 
this?
” he asked in shock.
“I’ve asked around about you,” she admitted, feeling hurt by his reaction. “I know that when Debbie jumped into the lake, this is what you brought her. And I know you miss her, so I thought this might help you feel closer to her.”
She shrugged. “I know that you and Debbie have a strong relationship, but I still like you. Even if you beat me up, or yelled at me, or even killed me, I would still like you. It’s not like I was the one who destroyed your relationship.” She bent down, picked up the box, and put it aside.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered.
What am I missing?
 Kelly wondered. 
Why is Alex so patient with Melissa despite all the evil things she has done?
And I’ve always been nice to him, and he’s so cold toward me?
Do all men behave like this?
“Okay then. I forgive you,” she said. “Now, eat your meal.” She didn’t look at him as she handed him a box full of food. “Eat up. If you throw it away again, I won’t go and get you more.”
Alex took the box and opened the lid, breathing in the aroma of seafood risotto.
“Have you eaten?” he asked.
“What do you think?” she asked, raising an eyebrow. “I brought us a box each, but you threw one away.”
“Then you eat first, and I’ll take what’s left,” he said, passing the box to her. Kelly’s heart warmed. With a slight shift of her eyes, she picked up another fork.
“Since we’re both hungry, then let’s eat together,” she said.
They sat on the lawn and placed the box of seafood risotto on top of a rock. They took turns to eat, eating began to relax.
The situation was very similar to when Alex and Debbie had eaten this meal together, and Alex suddenly realized that Kelly was a nice girl.
The moment he thought this, he felt guilty. He didn’t even know where Debbie was or if she was okay, so why was he thinking about another girl? It was disrespectful to Debbie, so he lowered his head and went back to eating before Kelly noticed anything.
It wasn’t long before they had finished the food.
“Oh, I wanted to ask if you would come with me to my family gathering tomorrow,” Kelly asked nervously. “You could just show up for a little while and then leave whenever you want. Would you please come?”
Her family had been pressuring her to find a boyfriend, so she wanted to take Alex with her. When her relatives saw him, they would think he was her boyfriend without her having to say so.
“It’s okay if you don’t want to go,” she said. “I just thought I’d ask. I know you’re really worried about Debbie and you’re not really in the mood for a party. I understand.”
Alex was staring at her, not saying anything, and she was growing embarrassed. “It’s fine,” she said. “Don’t worry about it. I’m sure you’ll find Debbie soon. I have to go.”
With that, she picked up the trash and prepared to leave.
“I’ll go,” Alex said.
“What?” she asked, gaping at him. “Really? You’ll come?” When he nodded, she couldn’t help but laugh excitedly. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to laugh. Okay, wait for me at the school gate tomorrow, and I’ll pick you up there. Bye!” With that, she left.
Alex hadn’t been able to say no to Kelly after everything she had done for him, but he couldn’t bear to be paraded around as her boyfriend. Hopefully, one day, she would understand that he wasn’t the man for her.
He gazed out at the lake again, thinking about Debbie.
By the next day, his physical condition had improved a little, but his mental state was getting worse.
At 6 pm, he was waiting for Kelly in front of the school gate when she arrived in her white BMW.
“Kelly, look at him!” Sharon said from the front passenger seat. The moment the car had stopped, she had spotted Alex, who was dressed in his usual poor clothes. “Didn’t you tell him that this is your family’s reunion? Why is he dressed like that? Is he deliberately trying to embarrass you?”
Kelly frowned slightly.
“Alex, did you even listen to what Kelly told you?” Sharon asked, getting out of the car and staring angrily at Alex. “Is that how you dress for Kelly’s family?” She noticed that not only was he poorly dressed, but his face was pale and his eyes watery.
She stared speechlessly at him and then looked at Kelly and said, “Are you really going to bring him to your family gathering looking like that?”
Kelly glared at Sharon. She stepped out of the car and walked over to Alex, looking worried. She asked softly, “How are you? Maybe you should stay here and rest.”
“I’m not that bad,” he said, smiling lightly, but his facial expression told a different story. He had already promised Kelly he would go, and he wasn’t about to go back on his word. “It’s okay. I’ll come with you.”
Sharon snorted, suspecting that Alex wanted to cheat Kelly out of her money.
Kelly opened the car door and let Alex into the back seat, and then she and Sharon sat in the front.
“Open the window a bit,” Sharon said, glaring at him in the rearview mirror. “If you’re catching a cold, then keep it to yourself.”
“Are you quite finished?” Kelly said, her tone annoyed. Sharon glanced at Kelly with a hurt expression, blaming Alex for causing trouble.
Kelly drove them to her family’s luxurious villa, which was next to Purple Dawn Lake. Nearby was a beautiful orchard, and so far from the city, the area was peaceful.
The lake was very quiet at night. The rippling water, the tall trees by the lake, and the carpet-like meadow all looked like they came from a fairytale. They could hear the water lapping at the shore, the chirping of insects, and the croaking of frogs. The atmosphere was relaxed and pleasant.
Voices were carried from the large villa near the lake. It was decorated with coloured lights, and tables and recliners were arranged on the lawn. Servants carried wine, fruit, and pastries, and dozens of well-dressed guests chatted in groups of three or five, while mischievous children chased each other.
Kelly’s sixty-two-year-old grandmother walked out of the house. Her name was Margaret Phillips, and she was in charge of the whole Phillips family.
She wore a long dress that showed off her slim figure, and her hair was in a neat bun. Her skin was smooth with only a few small wrinkles, but her eyes were her most startling feature. They were sharp and never seemed to miss a single detail of anything.
She gave the impression of dignity and strength, and it was easy to see why she was the head of the family.
She walked down the stairs with two men wearing suits as they talked about the family business.
Everyone lowered their voices when she appeared.
The two men nodded respectfully at her before turning around and leaving.
Only then did the others dare to approach her.
“Hello, Grandmother.”
“Mother, you’re looking beautiful.”
“Thank you for inviting me, Aunt.”
They all knew Margaret well. She valued her family and would always do her best for them. Everyone wanted to keep her happy.
“Grandmother!” said a pretty girl, walking up to Margaret and taking her hand. She leaned into her. “What were you talking about inside? I missed you!”
“Of all my guests, you have the worst manners,” Margaret teased her.
“Why? Because I missed you too much?” the girl asked in a melodious voice.
“Enough,” Margaret said. “Stop playing games. Where’s your brother, Simon?”
The girl was Simon’s sister, Yvonne.
Simon and Yvonne’s mother, Elizabeth, stood to the side. With such a large family, Margaret only had time for her own two children, which proved that, in the Phillips family, some people were more valued than others. Elizabeth felt proud as she glanced at everyone around her, knowing that she was more important than anyone else here. And then she noticed Alice.
Margaret doted on Elizabeth’s children, but her favourite grandchild was Alice’s daughter, Kelly. She always came first.