Vivian, June, and the staff were sitting together having a good time in the bar’s relaxed atmosphere.
“All right, I won’t waste any more of your time talking. Let’s go home to sleep!” Vivian said suddenly, with a serious expression.
“I’ve already made an agreement to sell this place to someone from the city. In a few days, he’ll take over the bar,” Vivian said to everyone with a calm smile. But her news was so shocking that it caused a commotion among the staff.
“Vivian, we won’t let the new boss in!” one of them cried out.
“Don’t sell Angel bar! Don’t!” said another.
“Right, if the new boss dares to come in, I’ll beat him up and throw him out!” said yet another.
They had a mixture of sad and excited looks on their faces. Vivian and June had treated them well at the Angel bar. Hearing that it had been sold, they felt as if their home was gone.
Alex was also very shocked. He had thought about buying the bar before, but too many things had happened recently, and he had forgotten about it. He didn’t expect Vivian to move so quickly. She had already discussed it with someone else.
“Stop screaming… do you think Vivian is happy to sell the bar? She probably feels worse than you guys,” June told the agitated staff. Vivian had been discussing the sale of the bar with her, so she understood how hard it had been for her to make this decision.
June was interrupted by Vivian. She could understand the feelings of her young staff.
“I know that everyone is reluctant to part with the bar. I still remember when I interviewed each of you. I even promised you on the night before the opening that I would give you all a promotion and a raise sometime after three years.” Vivian recalled the scenes from her past. Tears welled up in her eyes, and her voice became choked with sobs. “But I didn’t fulfill my promise to you all. It’s my fault. I’m sorry everyone.”
Vivian bowed deeply to her young staff.
“I don’t blame you!” said one.
“Vivian, please don’t be like this!” said another.
“Vivian, we love you!” said yet another.
All the youngsters crowded around to comfort her.
“All right, thank you everyone… thank you.” Vivian was very touched. With tears in her eyes, she looked at the staff around her and said, “You guys should think about it for the next few days. If anyone wants to keep working here, tell June, and I’ll try talking to the new boss.”
Vivian had found a way out for her staff. It could be said that she had done her best.
**
“Yo, I’ve heard that Angel bar isn’t bad. Hey, it looks pretty good,” a young man said with a chuckle as a few people walked in from outside. Although he was wearing a baseball cap, a scar that ran from his forehead to the corner of his eye was still visible. Next to him were four cynical-looking men that looked like him, with crooked smiles on their faces.
Vivian was obviously a bit fearful when she saw the young man, and her gaze even showed traces of hatred.
Alex was also surprised as he recognized the group of men. He remembered that day when they had blocked his path on the street, and he had driven toward them, forcing them to scatter and knocking some of them down. It was that day that he had mysteriously helped Kelly Phillips. Looking carefully at the young man with the baseball cap, Alex guessed that he was Henry Moore, who had been pestering Kelly.
At Simon Phillips’s birthday party, Simon had mentioned that Henry had been looking for revenge. 
Alex couldn’t help but hide in the crowd, but his eyes were still fixed on Henry, observing his every move.
“I’m sorry, we’ve closed for the night. Please come back tomorrow,” a supervisor politely said with a smile as he walked over to Henry and the others.
“Hey, the customer has already come in, so why chase him out? I think you need to stop working here. You obviously haven’t got enough brains for the job.” Henry barely looked at the supervisor. Instead, he and a few of his lackeys sat down with a grunt. Henry glanced at the supervisor in disdain and then turned his gaze to Vivian.
When Henry and the others sat down, the staff realized that someone had been standing behind them. This person looked extremely thin and weak and had been hidden by Henry’s group. What was even more surprising was that he wore a white mask on his face, making him look like a mannequin.
“You—” The supervisor had some status in the bar, so he was quite miffed after being scolded by Henry in front of so many people.
“Oliver, shut up!” Vivian shouted.
“Vivian, it’s fine if you don’t entertain such a person. I’ll kick him out right now,” Oliver said to Vivian in embarrassment and anger.
As Oliver turned toward Vivian and spoke, Henry struck him on the back of the head. When he was about to turn around and retaliate, Henry grabbed him by the hair and kicked him right in the stomach, causing him to fall to the ground. He felt as if his insides were about to explode.
All of this happened in an instant. When the people in the bar saw that Oliver was being beaten up by Henry, they all stood up abruptly and rushed over to save him.
The four lackeys on Henry’s side stood up as well. They squared their jaws, acting like thugs as they pointed at the excited crowd, scaring them.
“Sit down!” shouted one lackey.
“Let’s see who dares to move!” shouted another.
Only the little masked man was standing firmly behind Henry.
These people had strange hairstyles, gold chains, silver rings, and a ferocious look on their faces, causing the young men to lose some of their courage.
“Sit down,” Vivian said with a frown to her staff in a low voice. Everyone was still unwilling to accept it, but they finally sat down after she said it again. They cast their resentful gazes toward Henry and the others.
Vivian took a deep breath and turned to Henry.
“Henry, please let him go!” Vivian was very reluctant to talk to him as she didn’t even know him. A few days ago, he had introduced himself to her and invited her out to dinner. He also invited her to a movie. How could Vivian not see his intentions?
However, Henry still followed her around. She understood that he was also from a wealthy and powerful family, so she was helpless to do anything.
“Release him? He just wanted to attack me. How can I, Henry, lose face in front of my friends?” Henry said in amusement. His foot ground down on Oliver’s face twice. Oliver let out cries of pain.
The young men in the bar shuddered slightly, feeling extremely anxious.
Vivian’s frown deepened as she tried to think of a way to save the supervisor.
“What do you want to do?” Vivian stared at Henry and asked. She was very nervous. It seemed that Henry had come with ulterior motives that day.
“Heh.” He casually took out his nail clippers and said lightly, “It’s very simple… I came to the bar for a drink. As long as I can have my drink, I’ll leave. As for this thing under my feet, it’s not even worth a dime as I see it.”
Henry rolled Oliver’s head under his foot as though it were watermelon.
“Bring them a drink!” Vivian said to the staff at the bar. The waiters glared at Henry and his companions and were about to go to the bar to serve the drinks.
“Wait a minute, Vivian. My friends and I are here to cheer you on, but we won’t be able to enjoy ourselves if a few pretty boys serve us drinks. It’s not like you don’t have any girls in here, so let the pretty girls serve the drinks. Then, your guests will be better entertained.” Henry looked at his fingernails under the light.
Everyone, including Vivian, let out a dissatisfied sigh. However, if they wanted to send this evil guy away, they could only do as he wanted.
“Girls, come with me to get some drinks to entertain our guests.” Vivian ordered four girls to go to the bar. Each of them held a glass as they walked toward Henry and the others.
Seeing Vivian and the four girls walk toward them, an evil glint appeared in Henry’s eyes.
“Scram!” Henry kicked Oliver’s head away.
“Henry, please.” Vivian presented him with a drink. Watching him staring at her, she was both nervous and disgusted. She just wanted him to leave quickly.
“Fine, I’ll drink. How can I dare let Vivian down?” His gaze never left her face as his hand slowly reached out toward the glass. The moment he was about to grab it, he grabbed her hand instead. She shook violently, causing the glass to fall and shatter on the ground, while he tightly grasped her hand.
Henry’s four lackeys also grabbed the girls who were passing them drinks. The girls screamed out in shock at the same time.
“Let me go, what are you doing… Ah!” Vivian screamed in terror. She felt her balance slip as she fell into someone’s arms.
“What am I doing? What can I do?” He looked down at Vivian’s beautiful face. He was already unable to endure his feelings for her. With her body leaning against him, he could feel her curves. Henry acted like a man who had seen a woman for the first time.