Abduction In Broad Daylight
They needed a kidney and a cornea donor right away, but where could they locate one? 
"Is there a way for your hospital to get a kidney from another hospital?" Helen asked.
"It is possible, but it's a time-consuming and complicated process. Mr. Rome is in an emergency situation. If he misses the ideal timing for the operation, it will be too late. The same applies to the cornea."
"Is there no other way?" 
Kim's business was successful, but she wasn't under their family's control anymore. The Casady family in Annapolis had cut ties with her, so that was one less connection. 
Rome had been able to form connections with influential figures overseas. To Helen, he was more reliable than Kim. If he was gone, their family would lose his connections.
"There's still hope," the doctor said, glancing at Helen and the others. "If you can find a donor, his life can be saved."
Helen caught on. "Are you implying for us to be donors?" 
"That could be a solution. However, it's voluntary. I'll let you discuss this among yourselves. It would be best to find a donor before ten o'clock tonight. After that, I can't guarantee that I'll be able to save his life even with a donor."
The doctor left the room, leaving them standing there in silence. They were hesitant. No one wanted to donate a kidney to save Rome. It wasn't just the Casady family. Even his brother didn't want to. 
But he was the most obvious choice.
The Casady family's gazes bore into him, making him uncomfortable. "Why are you all staring at me? I'm living a good life. I can't give it up."
Donating a kidney wouldn't be the worst thing that could happen to him, but losing his cornea was a different story.
His sentiments were echoed among the Casady family. They kept exchanging looks, but no one spoke up. What other options did they have? A young donor was preferred. Who would be willing to donate their kidney and cornea except for those who were near death and in dire need of money?
Helen gave Gordon a call.
"I'm really sorry, but there's no one in the Haynes family who can help you," he said.
She hung up, dejected.
Rebecca suddenly had an idea. "I know what we can do. Rome will survive, I'm sure of it." 
"What are you going on about?" Helen snapped. "He needs a donor. Where are we going to find one?"
"I know who can save him. Steven can be a donor."
The Casady family, who had resorted to staring at the walls and floors to avoid being called out, looked up in realization. How could they have forgotten Steven at a critical time like this? He'd returned from the dead out of the blue. The news had been shocking, but they'd been too distracted by Rome's accident to pay attention to him.
"Rebecca, that's genius!" Helen exclaimed. 
Rome's brother was also thrilled by the idea. "Steven's alive, but he's not that different from before. He's still in a wheelchair. Whether he loses a kidney or cornea, does it really matter?"
"He'll be in a wheelchair for the rest of his life," Harry added. "It doesn't make a difference. It would be better if he donated them. He would be contributing to the Casady family."
Everyone was quick to agree. 
"Then what are we waiting for?" Rebecca said impatiently. "Grandma, I'll head out and bring Steven over."
Someone voiced their doubts. "Wait, donating a kidney and cornea is a big deal. Do you think he'll go along with it?"
"Even if he doesn't want to, he won't have a choice," Helen said. "He has no right to protest in the Casady family. Besides, he's stuck in a wheelchair. He can't fight back."
"He's useless now," Harry added. "What's the point in asking for his opinion?"
"Hold on," Rebecca said. "Steven can't fight back, but Kim won't agree to this."
The family fell silent. They could do whatever they wanted to Steven, but that wasn't the case for Kim. The Casady family in Annapolis had cut ties with her, but her business empire was still there. Her companies were leading enterprises in the country.
They would have to take into consideration her feelings and opinion on the matter.
"Are you that worried because of Kim?" Harry asked. "She's not that difficult to deal with."
"What do you mean?"
"We don't need to ask for Kim's opinion. We just need to catch Steven when he's alone and bring him to the hospital. We'll let her know once the operation's over. What can she do about it? It's already happened."
"Good idea," Rebecca praised. "Let's get a move on. There's no time to waste."
"Bring our family's subordinates with you," Helen said. "You have to be prepared for anything."
Rebecca picked the strongest people around and went to find Steven.
After taking back the Wyvern Group and Tanith Corporation, Kim had been busier than ever. Her companies had over ten thousand employees across the country. She had to take responsibility for them. After breakfast, she hurried out the door and drove to work.
Victoria took Valeria with her to the supermarket.
Steven was the only one left in the villa. Or at least that was how it appeared on the surface. Nohr and the other members of the Palace were nearby, ready to make a move if necessary.
Rebecca arrived with her family's strongest subordinates and ordered them to force open the door.
It had been a long time since Steven had seen her. He was surprised to see her barging into the house this early in the morning. And the people behind her looked anything but friendly. "What are you doing here?"
"It's an emergency. I don't have time to explain." Rebecca motioned to her subordinates. "Stop standing around and bring him out."
Her subordinates carried him out the door and stuffed him in the van parked outside.
Nohr was bewildered by the sudden kidnapping attempt in broad daylight. Just when he was about to take action, Steven subtly gestured for him to stay put.
"Hey, where are you taking me?" 
Rebecca was in the passenger seat. She glared at Steven in the rearview mirror. "I don't have time to talk."
She turned to the driver. "Drive to the hospital, and step on it."
The van sped off. Nohr and the Palace followed quietly.
Rebecca took out her phone and dialed Helen's number. "Grandma, Steven's in the car with me. Inform the doctors, so they can be ready." 
Steven still didn't know what was going on. Why were they taking him to the hospital? It sounded like Rebecca was in big trouble from her urgent tone.
They arrived at the hospital five minutes later. 
"Bring him inside," Rebecca ordered. Her subordinates placed Steven's wheelchair on the ground and carried him out of the van. They set him down in the wheelchair and pushed him into the hospital, heading straight to the ICU.
Helen, the rest of the Casady family, and the doctors were already there. They were waiting for Steven to arrive so they could begin the operation.
"This is the donor," Rebecca said to the doctor. 
"All right, but before the operation, I'll need to ask him a few questions."
"What's there to ask? Just get on with the operation."
"That won't do. This is a hospital, not a market. There are rules we have to follow."
Rebecca was impatient, but she conceded when she saw the serious look on the doctor's face. "Okay, ask him whatever you need, but hurry it up."
The doctor turned to Steven. "Sir, have you agreed to donate one of your kidneys and your corneas to Mr. Rome, the patient who's in critical condition in the ICU?"
"What did you say?" Steven asked, confused. 
The doctor glanced at the Casady family and instantly understood the situation. It was no secret that Kim Casady, head of the Wyvern Group and Tanith Corporation, was a member of their family. Their status had risen from her successful business. This man must be her husband, and to prevent antagonizing her, the family had opted to bring him here without his consent.
The doctor had guessed the inside story, but he didn't dare to confront them. 
However, they weren't the only ones in the ICU. There were many doctors, nurses, and patients around. They had all heard his question and the supposed donor's answer.
The Casady family rushed to explain. 
"Of course, he agrees," Helen said. "He's my granddaughter's husband. He's a member of our family. Why wouldn't he agree?"
Rebecca nodded. "He's already agreed to donate his kidney and cornea for my husband. Let's stop wasting time with the chit-chat and wrap up the paperwork so you can begin the operation."
Rome's brother joined in. "If you save my brother's life, we'll reward you handsomely."
As they spoke, they surrounded the doctor, obstructing Steven from view. Their objective was simple. They didn't want to give Steven the opportunity to answer the doctor's question. They would just need to handle the paperwork for him, and it would be a done deal once he was inside the operating room. 
But Steven didn't stay quiet. "Hey, I'm right here. Why are you answering for me? I have two questions. First, why am I donating a kidney and my cornea? Second, who's the patient in critical condition?"
He'd heard the doctor's question loud and clear the first time, but his rhetorical reply made the other doctors, nurses, and patients in the ICU stop and stare.
That put the doctor and the Casady family in a tight spot. 
The doctors and nurses nearby started whispering to each other.
"Are they messing around?"
"That man didn't even know he was going to be a donor."
The Casady family was embarrassed by the witnesses and gossip. 
Rebecca scowled at them before turning back to the doctor. "Do the details matter? He's here now, and he's going to be a donor."
One of the doctors who would be assisting in the operation retorted, "Miss Rebecca, we will need his consent to proceed with the operation. It's illegal otherwise. Our hospital will be affected if the government finds out about this."
"Exactly, consent is imperative," the other doctors echoed. "Nothing can be done without it."
The doctor in charge of Rome's operation couldn't carry out the operation himself. His team was necessary. "Miss Rebecca, why don't you ask for his opinion first?"
Rebecca kicked Steven's wheelchair with a frown. "Steven, you heard what they said, right? Tell them that you agree."
"And what should I agree to exactly?" Steven had figured out what was happening, but he pretended to be oblivious.
"To donate your kidney and your cornea, obviously. Rome was in a car accident, and he is in the ICU. He needs a donor to survive."
Harry spoke up. "We've been treating you well. Shouldn't you repay our kindness? This is your chance. Rome is an important member of our family. Your donation will be a huge contribution."
Helen agreed. "You'll be in a wheelchair for the rest of your life. What's the difference between having two kidneys and one kidney?"
"What about the cornea?" Steven asked.
"Does that really matter?" Rebecca answered, annoyed. "You're in a wheelchair. What's the point in being able to see?"
Steven looked past Rebecca at the rest of the Casady family. "There are so many people standing here. Why should I donate?'
"We're not disabled," Harry replied matter-of-factly.
"Can only disabled people donate?"
Rebecca raised her voice. "What's wrong with that? You have no use for a kidney or your cornea. Might as well donate them to someone who needs them."
"If you don't agree, then get a divorce," Helen said. "Harry, get the voluntary organ donation agreement."
The required documents were at the hospital, so there was nothing else for them to prepare.
Harry left and returned with a stack of documents. 
Helen told the family's subordinates to press Steven's finger to the page to seal the agreement with a fingerprint. Steven didn't struggle. He let them do what they wanted.
Helen held out the completed document to the doctor. "It's done. Can we begin now?"
The Casady family wasn't the most influential family out there, but they were above the doctors and nurses in the ICU. None of them objected. 
The doctor had no choice but to give in. He signaled to his team to make preparations. They didn't say anything and silently followed his instructions. They pushed Steven into the operating room. 
Transplanting organs was not a simple operation. A comprehensive physical examination was required.
"He's healthy. His kidneys and eyes are functioning as normal," the doctor informed the Casady family after the examination.
The Casady family was relieved to hear that. Steven was the ideal donor to save Rome's life.