After Alex left, the lady in shades realized that her favorite villa had just been bought.
She couldn’t help feeling upset and burst into tears in the shop.
Owning a villa in the Green Island Garden district would’ve been a status symbol. Now, she’d lost that chance.
Her husband, Jack Sanders, also had a pained expression on his face. He was heart-broken, but he knew that he couldn’t compete with Alex's wealth. He knew that Alex had won.
Just then, another professionally dressed woman walked into the sales office. She was none other than Rose Scott's aunt, Sue Bradley.
“Claire, why are you crying?” she asked worriedly as she walked toward the lady in dark glasses.
Claire sobbed again when she heard her sister-in-law’s voice. Originally, her intention had been to show off in front of Sue and belittle her, but now that Alex had bought the villa, she had nothing to boast about. Sue must be laughing at me, she thought.
Claire immediately stopped crying. “It's okay, I’ve just got sand in eyes,” she said.
How has she got sand in her eyes? Sue wondered. Where did the sand come from in this sales office?
Sue said, “Claire and Jack, have you really bought a villa here? That’s fantastic. This is where elite of New York live.” 
“Hmph, you should know that in the future, we will be the most important people in New York. This is where the elite live and we definitely belong here.” Claire answered proudly. In order not to be embarrassed in front of Sue, she decided to pretend that they’d already bought the villa.
Darla, who’d remained to one side, saw this and her face turned pale. She said to herself, I can’t believe this woman actually dared to say she’d bought a villa in our district. This woman who, just now, was crying as if her parents had just died. I’d like to see what’ll you do when people ask to see your villa.
**
Alex left the sales office and made another decision. Today I’m going to buy myself a car, he said to himself. I’m super-rich and it’s crazy that I don’t have a car. 
Alex went straight to New York Automobiles, which had the most advanced and the best performance cars in the world.
Alex strolled around the car dealership and took a fancy to a Ferrari. To him, it looked beautiful and gave off an aura of power. He knew it was also one of the most advanced in its performance.
When he asked the salesperson, he was told that this Ferrari can also be custom-made for the customer. Alex knew he wanted to buy it, so he got straight to the point. He ordered a custom-made Ferrari and all the components that would ensure that it was the best.
The salesperson was very suspicious of Alex until Alex asked Robert Miller of the Sky Metro Bank to transfer half of the 400 thousand dollars to the car dealership's account number.
The salesperson was stunned. He almost felt that he should be worshipping at Alex’s feet. His attitude toward Alex had changed. The manager of the car dealership and all the other employees gathered around Alex and looked at him ingratiatingly.
Once Alex had finished buying the car and started to leave the dealership, everyone in the shop cheered. Several passersby were confused about the cheering and assumed it must be an important government official who’d came to inspect the place.
Alex felt relieved once he’d left the shop and said to himself, I was only buying a car. They didn’t need to make such a fuss.
Just as he was about to take a taxi back to school, he received a call from Lucy Smith. Last time they’d met, Lucy had saved her number in his phone, so her name came up on the screen.
Lucy said she had something to talk to him about. Alex said that he was currently free and they agreed to meet.
**
About ten minutes later, a Mercedes-Benz pulled up to where Alex was waiting.
“Alex, get in.” Rolling down the car window, Lucy called out to him with a smile.
Lucy had wavy hair. She was wearing an elegant dress and looked very charming. Alex felt slightly nervous as he got into the car.
“Mrs. Smith, why are you looking for me?”
“You'll know in a while.” Lucy replied mysteriously.
She started the engine and the Mercedes-Benz started moving along the wide New York streets.
A black seat belt was wedged across Lucy's chest, exposing her womanly figure. The seat belt swayed slightly as the car drove on.
Since getting into the car, Alex's line of sight had been focused on her chest 80% of the time.
Lucy felt her seat belt tighten across her chest as she adjusted it.
It made no difference. As soon as the car moved forward, Alex could see her sizeable chest bouncing up and down suggestively.
This scene made Alex cough violently, and a stream of bright red blood flowed out from his nose.
“Alex, are you okay?” Lucy asked quickly. Secretly she was pleased with herself. Clearly her body was still attractive even to this rich and handsome young man.
“I’m fine.” Alex said as he raised his head and pinched his nose.
“There’s tissue paper in the glove compartment. Please help yourself.” Lucy said to Alex.
He opened the glove compartment, took out a tissue, and wiped the blood from his nose.
Hey, what’s this? Alex asked himself as the saw that inside the glove compartment there were several items of underwear, stockings, silky bras, and even lacey panties.
Seeing this, Alex became even more restless. He couldn’t hide his arousal much longer.
“Alex, I'm sorry. I was too anxious just now and forgot they were in there,” Lucy said shyly. Actually, she’d put the undergarments in there on purpose. Alex was such a rich and handsome young man, of course any woman would want to be with him.
Lucy hoped that the suggestive underwear would be enough to ignite Alex's passion. She didn't expect Alex simply to close the storage box after a few seconds.
“Alex, this is the first time I’ve bought these sorts of things. I’ve never been touched by a man. If you like, I'll drive the car to the underground garage. There'll be no one in there and you can do whatever you like—” Lucy said coyly.
“Um—” Alex smiled awkwardly, “Maybe next time,” he said.
Although Alex was attracted to Lucy, as any man would be, it didn't mean that he wanted to sleep around.
Lucy, on the other hand, was very disappointed. She tried to make herself feel better, telling herself, Alex is a superior to any other men and is worth the wait. I just need to be patient.
Just then, the car stopped.
Alex got out of the car and looked to see where they were. They were outside New York’s busiest shopping center—the fashionable Ledi Shopping Mall.
After locking the car, Lucy dragged Alex into the mall and headed straight for a first-floor boutique called Autumn Beauty that sold particularly elegant and exclusive brands of clothes.
Lucy is here to ask me to buy her clothes, Alex thought.
As soon as they entered the store, the manager walked over with a smile. He looked at Lucy and nodded his head slightly, saying, “Mrs. Smith, I’m delighted to see you.”
Mrs. Smith? Is Lucy a regular customer here? Alex asked himself
“Alex, this is one of my shops,” Lucy explained to Alex as she saw his confusion.
Then, she looked at the shop manager and said, “Russell, from now on, Alex is the owner of this boutique. We must listen to everything he says.”
“Excuse me?” Russell didn't understand, but since it was Lucy that had said it, he could only do as she said. “Yes, I understand,” he replied.
“What do you mean?” Alex asked. He didn't understand what Lucy was saying.
Lucy replied, “This is the decision that has been passed down from the senior members of the family. I’m just making it happen. Alex, sooner or later you will have to join the family business empire. You must start with this store and gradually learn the ropes.” Lucy knew that the family wanted Alex to run this shop to gain management experience.
“Oh, all right then,” Alex agreed. Eventually, he knew he would have to inherit his family’s business.
“Good.” Lucy smiled. She found Alex very agreeable. “Alex, I am travelling to the southwest later today to check on my family's gold business. I will be gone for several weeks.”
“Ok, sure.” Alex replied. In his head, he was thinking, It will be more than a month before I get the Ferrari. During this time, I’ll be able to drive Lucy's car.
Russell, who was standing at the side, was confused. He had no idea that his boss was one of the country’s richest men. He assumed that Alex was just someone without much to his name.
When they’d finalized everything at Autumn Beauty, Alex drove Lucy directly to the airport. She was travelling to the southwest that very day.
**
After seeing Lucy off, Alex drove the car around New York. This large Mercedes-Benz is great to drive and the other cars definitely stay out of my way, he thought.
Alex saw a Shrimp King restaurant on the side of the road and decided he’d like some of their lobster, so he drove the car over and parked up.
It was almost time to eat, so he decided to buy some lobster to take back to eat with Debbie.
The parking attendant at the entrance was dozing, but when he noticed a Mercedes-Benz pulling up, he immediately woke up. He smiled and bowed his head, waiting for Alex to climb out of the car so that he could park it.
As Alex walked to the door of the store, he noticed several dollar bills falling out of the pocket of the person in front of him. 
He smiled wryly and put the banknotes in his pocket.
“Alex, are you here begging for money?” he heard from behind him. He turned around and saw a group of people walking toward him. Leading the group, was the cheerleader, Zara Fitzgerald.