While Alex and Debbie prepared for their wedding, Rufus went to fetch Paul Novak.
He took a taxi to the martial arts retreat where Paul lived.
Paul was obsessed with martial arts and had spent much of his time in training camps. Since he had been recruited by Jessop Clifton nine years ago, he had been living in the No Surrender camp just outside Baltimore. Here, the air was fresh and there was plenty of open space, making it a good place to train.
The taxi drove along the winding mountain road to the gate of the camp.
Rufus stepped out of the car and looked around.
The driver opened the trunk and removed a box full of wine bottles. The wine came from a variety of countries, and it was all extremely expensive.
Paul loved to drink, and the Cliftons always brought him some wine whenever they visited.
Two men opened the gate, and Rufus and the driver walked inside.
The men led Rufus on a ten-minute walk to a clearing where they found Paul sitting cross-legged on a rock. His long hair was tied back, but a few strands had escaped, and the wind blew them over his face.
He was wearing a blue shirt, a pair of jeans, and a filthy pair of sneakers.
He didn’t acknowledge his visitors, and merely continued to sit on the rock with his eyes closed.
“Mr. Clifton, do you want me to call him?” the driver whispered. Rufus Clifton was an important man who should never be ignored, so Paul’s inattention was really disrespectful.
Rufus looked at Paul and shook his head. He turned to the two men who had escorted them here. “How long does it usually take him to finish?” he asked.
“Mr. Novak sits there for twelve hours at a time,” one of the men answered. “He sits there through the rain and thunder, during the day and night.”
“He’s been sitting here for over six hours,” the other man said. “
So
 it’ll be another six hours before he’s done. Perhaps you’d like to wait inside? I can call you when Mr. Novak is finished.”
“Okay,” Rufus said, nodding. With that, he turned to walk back to the main building.
On the way, he saw a middle-aged man and woman standing at the back door of the building. When they saw Rufus, they began to walk toward him.
“Hey, this is a private camp!” one of the men with Rufus called. “You shouldn’t be here. You need to leave.”
The two men approached the couple, determined to eject them from the camp, but when they drew closer, they recognized the intruders.
“You!” one of the men exclaimed, gaping at the couple in fear. “Flynn and Josie Gibson!”
“So, you remember us?” Josie asked, sneering at them.
She stepped forward and hit out at him, breaking his nose, and sending him falling to the ground. Flynn struck at the same time, and the other man collapsed in a heap.
The men lay there, looking at the couple, not daring to get back up.
Rufus stared in shock as the scene unfolded.
Flynn and Josie walked over to Rufus, and then they spotted Paul sitting on the rock. Flynn scowled. “There he is,” he said. “Exactly where we knew he would be.”
The driver was terrified, and he fell to his knees, begging the couple not to hurt him.
“Please let me go,” he pleaded. “I haven’t done anything to you. Please don’t hurt me. I’ll do anything you want!”
Rufus stayed calm, but his hands were clenched into fists and his heart thudded within his chest.
“I’m not interested in you,” Flynn said, smiling at the driver. “I’m here for 
him
.” He pointed at Paul. “But it might be nice to have an audience for this.”
The driver shook with fear. “No, please let me go,” he begged.
“Coward!” Flynn muttered, shaking his head. Then he turned to stare at Paul. “Paul, stand up and face me!”
Flynn and Josie rushed at Paul, and Rufus cried out in warning. If this couple took Paul out of action, then he wouldn’t be available to help the Cliftons.
Paul didn’t move, and his eyes remained closed. Flynn and Josie grinned, sure of their victory.
But then Paul burst into action, falling backward to roll off the rock before springing to his feet. Flynn’s attack sliced harmlessly through the air.
The couple gaped at Paul. Apparently, Paul’s skills had improved a lot in the last twelve years.
A short distance away, Paul stood with his hands by his side, watching the couple. “Flynn and Josie Gibson,” he said. “I never expected to see you again. Didn’t you lose badly enough twelve years ago? Are you back for more?”
Flynn and Josie had been childhood sweethearts who had met in a martial arts class for kids. When they had grown up, they had gotten married, and Josie had given birth to a son.
Their child had been born with a congenital heart condition, and the doctor had informed them that their son wasn’t likely to reach his tenth birthday. Flynn and Josie had adored their child and would have given their lives for him, but there had been nothing they could do.
They had both been obsessed with martial arts, and twelve years ago, they had challenged Paul, wanting to test their skills against his.
Paul had beaten Flynn and Josie easily, while their five-year-old son had watched. When the child had seen his parents fall to the ground, the shock had caused a heart attack, and he had died before anyone could help him.
Flynn and Josie blamed Paul for their son’s death.
“You think we’ll lose?” Flynn asked. “We were no match for you twelve years ago, but things have changed. We’ve spent years studying, and now we’re here to avenge our son’s death.”
“You’ll pay for what you did!” Josie yelled.
Flynn and Josie dashed forward. They had planned out every move, determined to get their revenge.
They flew at Paul, and their hands moved so quickly they were practically a blur. Strike after strike was aimed at Paul as they fought to bring him to his knees.
But Paul easily evaded every attempt, and none of their blows landed.
Flynn and Josie refused to give up. If they just kept trying, surely Paul would leave them an opening eventually.
“Haven’t you had enough yet?” Paul asked, startling them. “You must be getting tired.”
They retreated a few steps and glared at him.
“I was just warming up,” Flynn said. “I’ve been testing you to see how much you’ve improved in the last twelve years.”
“I don’t need to improve,” Paul said, smirking at them. “I’m already the best. But maybe you’ll serve as a good warm up for me instead.”
His eyes narrowed and then he ran at the couple.
Flynn and Josie were shocked by Paul’s speed, and they realized they were outmatched.
But they fought back, unwilling to concede defeat.
Paul grabbed their wrists and used their momentum to toss them away from him.
Then he began to strike back in earnest. Flynn and Josie were too busy defending themselves to land any hits of their own. They couldn’t even help each other because it took all their focus to protect themselves.
All they could see were Paul’s hands and feet flying toward them in an unrelenting string of attacks.
Flynn and Josie each received a kick to the abdomen, sending them flying backward and dropping to the ground. This time, neither of them got up.
They lay there with their eyes closed, clearly unconscious. Paul had defeated them easily.
Rufus breathed a sigh of relief and wiped his sweaty palms on his coat.
He walked over to Paul. “I see you’ve lost none of your skill,” he said. “That was impressive.” He gestured at the box of wine. “I’ve brought you some of your favorites. Take a look!”
“Excellent,” Paul said. “Thank you.” He went to the box, opened it, and examined the wine. “So, Mr. Clifton, why are you here?”
“I need your help with something,” Rufus said. “Let’s go inside and talk.” He led Paul into the building.
The driver picked up the wine box and followed them inside.