“Don’t worry,” Alex said, smiling at Debbie. “It’ll all be okay.”
He had refused to give up on her, and as a result, he now understood the true meaning of the martial arts he had learned, allowing him to reach a new level of skill.
No wonder the Moon Palace was so highly thought of by martial artists around the world. 
People barely understood a fraction of the knowledge it contained. 
Jessop hugged Debbie and burst into tears, relieved to see her looking so well.
A few of the nurses were gaping at her, unable to believe what they were seeing.
After a while, Dr. Howard arrived with the hospital CEO, Austin Gray. They ground to a halt, their eyes locked on Debbie and their mouths hanging open. 
“It’s a miracle!” Dr. Howard said, shaking his head. “I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“Mr. Ambrose, if you’d like to join the medical staff at this hospital, we’d be fortunate to have you,” Austin said.
“Mr. Ambrose, I’d love to know how you achieved this,” Dr. Howard said. “Perhaps I can get your input on some of my more difficult cases?”
Alex shrugged. He wasn’t interested in becoming a doctor, but he didn’t want to disappoint these people. After all, they had done their best for Debbie.
“Debbie, look at how much better you look,” a nurse said, handing Debbie a mirror. 
“Oh?” Debbie said, touching her face as she looked in the mirror. Her reflection stared back at her with rosy cheeks and sparkling eyes. 
Debbie had always been beautiful, but now that she was completely healthy, she was truly stunning.
Alex also appeared more attractive now that he wasn’t so worried about her. They both seemed relaxed and refreshed.
Debbie flexed her muscles, feeling stronger than ever and relieved that the numbness was gone. Her mind was clear, and her body was responding as it should. She felt better 
than she had in her entire life.
Dr. Howard examined her, and he discovered she was in peak physical condition, almost like a professional athlete at the height of their career.
Alex rubbed his hand on the leg of his pants, trying to disperse the remainder of Tyson’s freezing inner power, which he had extracted from Debbie’s body.
Alex scowled, recognizing the power as having come from the far north. Debbie must really have suffered.
He narrowed his eyes. “I’m on my way, Tyson,” he muttered. 
He nodded at everyone, ready to take his leave. Debbie sensed the change in him, and she stretched out her hand to pluck at his clothes.
“Are you leaving me?” she asked.
“I’ll be back soon,” he promised.
“Can’t you just let it go?” Debbie asked, pleading with him. She would rather let Tyson escape than have Alex in danger.
“No, I can’t,” Alex said, his tone determined. “He attacked you, and I won’t forgive him for that. I’ll make him pay for what he did to you.”
“Then I’ll go with you.” Debbie said, biting her lip as she sat up.
“No, Debbie. You need your rest.” Alex reached out and gently squeezed her shoulder. “Wait here for me.”
“Alex, do you really have to go?” Jessop asked, worried about Alex’s safety. He had seen Tyson’s power, and he feared the worst. 
Alex didn’t answer. He simply left the room, and everyone watched him go, knowing they couldn’t stop him.
**
Along the Hudson River, more warriors were arriving from all over the world.
Everyone wanted to see this fight. Tyson had such a strong reputation that they were shocked anyone could be brave enough to face him.
One minute passed. Then another. Then three minutes.
As time went by, everyone checked their watches, but there was still no sign of Alex. They sat patiently, waiting for his arrival, and wondering which direction he would come from. The martial artists seemed unconcerned about the delay. They simply sat there, watching the river.
Tyson had been sitting with his eyes closed. Now, he cracked them open, and tilted his head to the side, listening to the sounds of the river.
Several of the martial artists stood up, looking around, and murmuring to themselves.
“That’s Alex!”
“Alex is coming!”
The news rippled through the crowd, and Alex’s name was on everyone’s lips.
The leading martial artists stared at the river, hoping to catch the first glimpse of Alex as he arrived.
Kelly stood on her tiptoes, wanting to see the man of her dreams, but all she could see was the river.
A boat appeared, traveling toward them, propelled by the currents. Was that Alex standing inside it?
Everyone craned their necks, watching as the boat grew closer. Alex stood inside it, allowing it to carry him to his destination.
His entrance was much more entertaining than the sight of Tyson merely sitting on the shore. People lifted their phones, taking pictures of Alex and chattering excitedly.
“He’s so young!”
“That is so cool!”
“It’s more than that. It’s magnificent!”
Alex kept his balance easily, not allowing the rocking of the boat to disturb him. Women squealed as they watched him, and Lindsey and Rose had lumps in their throats. They were tempted to jump into the river to meet him.