Alex had no intention of leaving.
“I’m not finished with you, Alex,” Billy yelled, gingerly rubbing his jaw. “I’ll be reporting you to the principal.”
He had intended to get Alex in trouble, so now that Alex had hit him, he had something else to complain about.
“Oh, shut up,” Alex snapped at him. “We both know you’re only using Felicity to embarrass me. It’s pathetic.” He looked at Billy with disgust.
The police finally arrived, and the leading officer looked around the room, taking everything in. 
“Mr. Alex, what are you doing here?” he asked.
“Who are you?” Alex asked, not recognizing the officer.
“I know Chelsea Wood,” the officer said. “We went to school together, and then we both graduated from the police academy at the same time. She’s actually my boss now. My name is Adrian 
Wolfren
.”
Adrian gazed at Alex with admiration. Some time ago, a bomb had gone off in the Clifton family’s offices. Adrian had been there when Alex had caught the sniper waiting to shoot Jessop Clifton, and he knew all about Alex’s exploits that day.
“Hello, Officer 
Wolfren
,” Alex said, smiling at him.
Adrian grew excited. “Would you like to join me for dinner one day?” he asked. “I have a thirteen-year-old son who is always talking about you, and he’d love to meet you.”
He was worried Alex would refuse, so he was surprised when Alex simply said, “Sure.”
“Great! Thank you,” Adrian said. “Okay, guys, let’s go.” He made a gesture to the other two police officers, and then he turned around, preparing to leave.
“Wait!” Billy yelled, unable to believe what he was seeing. How did this police officer know Alex?
Adrian turned back. “Is there a problem?” he asked, looking a little unhappy.
“You haven’t arrested anyone yet!” Billy said, refusing to give up. “He hit me, and then he hit Leonard.”
Adrian frowned. He thought Billy was exceptionally annoying. He sighed and looked over at Alex, and then he looked back at Billy and Leonard.
“Okay, then the two of you will need to come to the station,” he said.
Two police officers stepped forward and led Billy and Leonard to the door.
“You can’t go around hitting people,” Adrian warned Alex. “This time, I’ll give you a verbal warning, but if it happens again, I won’t be able to be so lenient.”
Alex nodded.
“Let’s go,” Adrian said. He hadn’t even asked about the incident with Felicity.
“What’s going on?” Billy asked, looking dazed. Alex had hit 
him
, so why was Billy the one being taken away?
The other officers put Billy and Leonard in the police car. The two men looked out the windows, their eyes wide as they saw the other teachers staring at them.
Alex went to check on Felicity. “How much money have you stolen from the other girls?” he asked.
He intended to make her pay back the money and apologize, figuring that was an appropriate solution to the problem.
But Felicity merely scowled at him. “That’s none of your business,” she said, pushing by him and running out of the room.
Alex went back to the principal’s office. Then he took out his wallet, withdraw some cash, and tried to hand it to the girls.
“No, that’s not necessary,” said one of the girls, her voice timid.
“Take it,” he insisted. “Felicity’s 
behavior
 was appalling, and there’s no reason you should be out of pocket. Rest assured, she will be apologizing to you in front of the entire school. We have an assembly coming up soon. We can take care of it then.”
“Felicity? Apologize?” the girl repeated, her mouth dropping open. “No way!”
Her expression of disbelief was mirrored on the faces of the other girls. They were all familiar with Felicity, and they knew she would never do it.
“She 
will
 apologize,” Alex insisted. “For this, and for everything else she has done.”
“Okay,” the girls said doubtfully. Then they left, still shaking their heads. 
“Felicity is tough to deal with,” one of the teachers told Alex. “Her father is seriously rich, and nobody wants to upset him. If you ask her to apologize, she’ll probably quit school, and then her father will be angry.”
“I said I’ll make her apologize, so I’ll make sure she does,” Alex said firmly. “In public, at the assembly, as I said. If I fail, then I’ll resign.”
He walked out of the office, determined to find Felicity.
The school had a responsibility to Felicity, and he wanted to understand why she had behaved so badly. There must be something going on that they weren’t aware of. The daughter of such a rich man should have no need to take money from other students. It just didn’t make sense.
Felicity hadn’t been walking very quickly, so Alex soon caught up. He stayed out of sight and remained quiet as he followed her.
Felicity made her way to a run-down part of town, where some of the streetlamps were out, leaving the street gloomy. The buildings were old, and some of them looked like they should have been condemned long ago. Alex frowned. What was the daughter of a wealthy man doing here?
Felicity ducked into a cramped, dark alleyway, and then she went into one of the small houses. In the kitchen, she stuck her head under the faucet, wetting her hair and making it appear dark rather than blue. She washed her face, removing her heavy makeup, and took out her earrings. Then she scrubbed off the fake dragon tattoo on her neck and changed into her school uniform.
Within minutes, Felicity had turned from a rebel into the girl next door. She looked like any other high school student.
Once she had finished, she climbed the stairs, ignoring the smell of damp that pervaded the house. At the top, she paused for a moment, and then she opened the door and walked in.
Alex quietly followed her and stopped outside the door. Felicity had left it ajar, and he peeked through the gap.
“Mom, I’m home,” Felicity called out softly.
Alex was stunned at the difference in her. She seemed to be two completely different people.
Despite the dim light, Alex could make out a messy room with an ill-looking woman lying in a bed. Was that Felicity’s mother?
The woman coughed. “Felicity?” she asked, her voice weak. “How was school? Are you still doing well?” She struggled to sit up, but Felicity stopped her.
“Mom, I’m doing fine,” she said. “You don’t have to worry. Just take care of yourself.”
Felicity went to a small cabinet and took out some medicine.