The principal had no idea that one of the leading council members of the Central district was being forced to wait outside. He continued his meeting with Alex calmly and without hurry. A few of the senior teachers, including Billy, also sat in the room to weigh in.
“It’s been brought to my attention that Class 6 has not had an official parents’ meeting in some time. Don’t you think it’s time to set a date? They’re graduating soon.”
“
So
 you want me to schedule something,” Alex said flatly.
“Yes, as soon as possible.” Billy had filled the principal’s head with ideas about the necessity of a parents’ meeting. 
“I’ve been a bit busy,” said Alex, trying not to sound impatient. “
Surely
 it’s not my fault that there hasn’t been a proper parents’ meeting in a while. Is it really a big deal?”
“A big deal?” the principal echoed in a disbelieving tone.
“Are you saying you’re not willing to do the work?” Billy sneered.
Alex had a point. There had not been a parents’ meeting for Class 6 in some time. But this was because the students in Class 6 all came from rich, upper-class families. Their parents were all extremely busy people. It was difficult enough to get ordinary parents to show up for such meetings. Getting the time and attention of affluent people was almost impossible.
A few other teachers chimed in, expressing their disappointment in Alex’s attitude. Many of them had lost the first bet with Alex and had been forced to run around the track until they were sore and ill.
“Do you think you’re too good to hold something as simple as a parents’ meeting?” Another teacher scoffed. “You just got here. Just because you’ve gotten lucky with a few of the troublemakers doesn’t mean you can get away with performing all the steps. It’s important to connect with the families. Don’t be arrogant!”
Alex raised his eyebrows. “Am I being arrogant by saying that I don’t have time?”
“It’s part of your job!”
“You’re very good, Alex,” Billy said mockingly. “But you’re not so amazing that you get to skip important details like this.”
“We all have to do these meetings,” another teacher said firmly. “It’s part of the role. It’s what sets great teachers apart from basic wage-earners who just show up to collect a 
paycheck
. That’s all you’ve done so far. If you really mean to be a great teacher, you have to be part of the culture of the school, too. Get to know the parents. Forge those relationships.”
Alex bit back a sigh. He wished he could tell them all that he wasn’t here to become a great teacher. He was only here as a 
pretense
 for protecting Heidi. He was just a glorified bodyguard. His skills were above and beyond in that respect, and those skills 
had helped him get some means of control over the wild students of Class 6. But he was only doing that to make Heidi safer.
Of course, he couldn’t deny that it had felt good to be able to help some of the students, especially the ones who clearly were struggling and needed to be set on a new path. But his actual role in all of that was much more complex than just being a teacher.
Now he could see the flaws in his approach. He had gone about his own business, solving problems his own way. But he had not gained many allies amongst the other teachers. None of them could match him on their own, but when they worked 
together
 they could cause a lot of trouble for him, especially when Billy went out of his way to get them riled up.
Billy was another issue. He seemed to have taken personal issue with Alex’s presence at the school. Alex was vaguely aware that his appointment as head teacher of Class 6 had disrupted some of Billy’s plans, but it was only temporary. Of course, there was no way to tell him that.
In the meantime, the teachers were setting him a new challenge, and he had to answer it.
“All right. I’ll get this parents’ meeting scheduled for tomorrow. I’ll make it clear that they cannot miss this meeting. They will show up,” Alex said calmly.
But this didn’t seem to appease the other teachers. They sneered to each other about Alex’s arrogance. They knew exactly how difficult it would be to gather all the parents of Class 6 for a meeting. Rather than calming their tempers, the sight of Alex promising to do something so difficult as if it wasn’t a big deal only made them angrier.
“Well, we’ll see!” one huffed.
Billy smiled, feeling like he had already won. His own family was from a very distinguished background, and he knew that he had a much higher standing than Alex. His own uncle was another Central district council member. Knowing the temperaments of that circle of people, he felt confident Alex would have no luck with his meeting.
The discussion between the teachers continued for some time.
Mr. Cartwright was still standing outside the door, trembling with rage. It was unheard of for him to be forced to wait for even ten minutes to see someone. Now he had been waiting nearly two hours. His time was much too precious was to be wasted like this.
Finally, Billy spoke up and said, “Speaking of parent meetings! Alex, I heard you invited someone in to speak with you today? I hope we haven’t kept him waiting too long.”
Alex gave him a long, cool, look, but nodded and asked to be excused.
When Alex opened the door, Billy spotted Mr. Cartwright and went pale with fright. He had assumed Alex had invited one of the other parents to the school for a talk that day. The idea that he had kept Mr. Cartwright waiting for so long was appalling. Even more shocking was the fact that Mr. Cartwright appeared to have waited for him.
“Mr. Cartwright,” Billy said cautiously. “Have you been waiting all this time?”
He could tell the other teachers did not realize who Mr. Cartwright was. None of them looked scared enough.
But Mr. Cartwright smiled broadly, as if the whole situation was no trouble. He felt he had no choice. He was still scared of Alex’s reputation as a fighter. Besides, they were there to discuss the trouble his son had clearly been causing. He had to swallow his rage. 
“Mr. Ambrose?” He said politely. “I’m sorry. My son has given you a lot of trouble, which means that I have been the one to give you trouble. I’m here to take responsibility and discuss the matter.”
He had practiced those words in his head. He knew that, no matter how angry he felt, he needed to smooth this whole thing over.
But Alex barely looked at him. He strode past him with his hands folded behind his back, thoughtful and grim-faced.