Mr. Cartwright knew his son was not completely to blame. He had been too busy to pay proper attention to Lance, and too much had escaped his notice.
But he also knew it would be very dangerous for Lance if he continued to aggravate Alex. He was a fearsome man, not just for his fighting skills but also now for his wisdom. 
There were not many people Mr. Cartwright needed to fear, but now he truly understood that Alex was someone they needed to be careful of.
Lance stood by the gate for a long time after his father left, thinking about what had happened. In spite of all the mischief he got up to at school, he had great respect for his father. He knew that he needed to obey him, even if he didn’t completely understand why Alex bothered his father so much. 
He returned to class feeling resigned. Other students ran up to him, wanting to know more about his father’s sudden appearance at the school and the mysterious meeting he had had with Mr. Ambrose.
After a while, he got annoyed with their questions and made an announcement. “I’m staying out of the way. If anybody wants to mess with Mr. Ambrose in future, don’t tell me about it. I’m not involved. I can’t get mixed up in this stuff anymore.”
Eric listened to this speech with a sour face, annoyed that he was losing one of his 
favorite
 allies.
But then his phone rang. The voice on the other end said, “A deal’s a deal. You owe me, my friend.”
He sighed. “Hey, boss. Don’t worry, I’m bringing you some of my classmates tonight. Then we can talk about the head teacher, right?”
“Bring the girls first, then we’ll talk,” the voice said curtly, and then the call ended.
Class soon began again. Everyone sat as meek and demure as kittens, as if they had always been the best students in school. It was a complete turnaround from the cunning, indifferent miscreants who had first greeted their new teacher.
Alex looked around the room and wrinkled his nose. “This room is a mess,” he announced. “We’re going to spend some time cleaning up. Tomorrow we are holding a parents’ meeting, and all of your parents must attend. That’s all.” 
Then he left. 
The class immediately began buzzing with excitement. They dreaded even the idea of a parents’ meeting, but they were excited that it was happening.
They sprang obediently into action, hunting down brooms and mops and rags. They worked diligently to clean the room, wondering if a clean room might make up for whatever Alex was going to tell their parents about them.
“I’ve been fixing my report cards,” one student admitted while they worked. “All the grades I’ve shared with my parents are completely fake. If they find out, I’m in big trouble.”
None of their parents had ever visited the school. The sight of Lance’s father walking in that day had already been a shock. Now that they knew their parents really might visit the school, the class was nervous for their future.
Eric refused to give into the mood. “We’re not little kids. He can’t use our parents to scare us. I’m talking to the boss tonight. He’ll know what to do.”
Alex had barely been there for a week, and yet the class was almost completely transformed. Eric felt like he was living through an invasion. 
Meanwhile, Billy had no idea Class 6 was taking Alex’s announcement so seriously. He wasn’t worried in the slightest because he didn’t think Alex had any chance of succeeding. No one had ever managed to get parents for the students of Class 6 to attend a meeting. He didn’t understand what had happened with Mr. Cartwright, but he dismissed the incident as luck. Just because Alex had wrangled one father, didn’t mean he was going to be able to wrangle all of them.
Besides, if someone as busy and important as Mr. Cartwright had managed to come to the school for a meeting that day, how would he do it again the next day? It seemed impossible to Billy that his schedule would allow it. Alex hadn’t even shown proper respect to the council member during his visit. There was no way he would return.
Billy tucked that detail away in the back of his mind to use against Alex in case he was more successful than anticipated. But no matter what, he was confident that this parents’ meeting would be Alex’s downfall.
He was so confident and so excited that he invited some of the other teachers out to dinner to celebrate in advance. Leonard Winters in particular was very happy to take him up on the invitation to go out and party in anticipation of Alex’s downfall.