Neil looked at Alex, feeling surprised and guilty. He knew Alex was a good friend of Joe’s.
“It’s fine, Mr. Hall,” Alex said, smiling at him. “You couldn’t have known.”
Neil shook his head. “I should have been more respectful,” he said. 
“Don’t worry about it,” Alex said. “It really doesn’t matter.”
Neil nodded, and Tabitha flushed with embarrassment.
Neil was angry when he saw Tabitha and Sasha muttering to each other. The party could have been perfectly enjoyable if they hadn’t gone out of their way to attempt to embarrass Alex. 
“Behave yourselves,” he said, glaring at them, embarrassed by their antics.
Tabitha and Sasha scowled at him, saying nothing.
Alex wasn’t angry, but he thought he should still respond to their insults. But since Suzan was there, he decided to bide his time.
**
Later, when Alex was back at the school and about to go to bed, Jessop called him.
“Alex, there’s a Martial Arts Association in Baltimore,” Jessop said. “Have you heard of it? Has their president called you yet? Has he told you about the reception?”
Alex smiled. “They keep telling everyone that 
I’m
 their president,” he said. “The Baltimore martial arts community is having a reception next Thursday, and I believe the Martial Arts Association is invited.”
“Oh, really?” Jessop said. “I just met the president, and he begged me to invite you to attend the reception. Will you go?” 
Alex was stunned. He really didn’t want to attend. It was too tiring.
“I don’t have anything to do with the Martial Arts Association,” he said. “If they want to ask me something, then let their president come to see me in person.”
“The president is a disgrace,” Jessop said, sounding a little nervous. He knew how stubborn Alex could be, and he was worried that the president might offend him.
“You know that I’ll refuse them, so why are you trying to talk me into it?” Alex asked.
“I don’t have a choice,” Jessop said. “The martial arts community in Baltimore wants to 
see you, and they really want you to attend. If you don’t go, it will ruin the reception, and the kids will be disappointed. They really want to meet you.” He paused. “They’re having this meeting to boost morale, and they want everyone to see how skilled you are so that they have something to aim for. You are the future of the martial arts community. Will you please go?”
Alex wanted to refuse. He had never enjoyed having to deal with so many people, but he felt like he had to go.
“Okay,” he said, sighing. “I’ll be there, but only long enough to show my face. I’m not sticking around.”
Jessop was pleased. “Thank you, Alex,” he said. “I’ll make the arrangements.”
After hanging up the phone, Alex flopped onto the bed, yawned, and drifted off to sleep.
In his dream, Alex had an argument with Debbie, who then ran to the window and jumped out of it. Full of remorse, Alex lunged at her, grabbing her arms and stopping her from falling. He used all his strength to drag her halfway through the window, but just as he was about to pull her to safety, his eyes shot open, and he found himself in his bed.
His mind was a little foggy, and he struggled to make sense of what was going on, but he sensed danger nearby. 
The air smelled strange, and Alex knew something wasn’t right, but it took a moment for him to realize he was being drugged. His body was completely relaxed, and he couldn’t think clearly, leaving him helpless. 
He forced himself to turn over slightly, his movements sluggish. Mere seconds later, a blade stabbed through his mattress just where he had been lying.
If he hadn’t moved when he had, the blade would have gone right through him.
Alex yelled out, realizing that someone was hiding underneath his bed. The shock cleared his mind, allowing him to shake off the effect of the drug, and he lunged to his feet.
A woman wearing a mask slipped out from under the bed, rolling to her feet to face him. Then she rushed at him, brandishing a short sword, before leaping into the air and bringing the sword down, aiming at his head. 
If she made contact, it would kill him. 
Alex stepped out of the way, avoiding the blow, and the woman landed on the bed, which collapsed with a loud bang, pitching her onto the floor.
The woman scowled as she stared at him. “Why aren’t you unconscious?” she asked.
“Your drugs weren’t powerful enough for me,” he said, shrugging. “And it’s mostly gone now, so you don’t need that mask.”
The woman made no move to reveal her face.
“You haven’t changed your clothes, shoes, or hairstyle,” Alex pointed out. “So what’s the point of hiding your face, Tabitha?”
Her eyes widened, and then she finally removed the mask.
“You’re smarter than I expected,” she admitted. “Not only did you evade my attack, but you also managed to shake off the drug that should have kept you immobile.”
She had thought it would be easy to kill Alex. After all, the drug she had used was exceptionally strong, and she had expected Alex to be incapacitated for a while.
“Thank you for the compliment,” Alex said, raising one eyebrow. “It doesn’t pay to underestimate me.”
Tabitha narrowed her eyes. “Yes. So I see,” she said.
“In fact, you’ll find it impossible to kill me,” Alex said, looking around. “So, where’s Sasha? Didn’t you bring her with you?” He smiled. “I know you were both deliberately trying to provoke me at the party.”
It was true. Tabitha had constantly ridiculed Alex, hoping it would throw him off balance.