“Deny what?” Dr. Adams asked. “I don’t understand what you’re accusing me of! And stop changing the subject! We’re talking about why you can’t treat my patient.”
“You’re the one trying to change the subject,” Alex said. “Do you have something to hide?”
“You’re the one being deceptive!” Dr. Adams roared, his face scarlet with rage. “And now that I’ve exposed your lies, you’re trying to slander me. This is intolerable!”
Clark was no fool, and he could tell something was off about Dr. Adams. 
“Dr. Adams, isn’t it time to come clean?” Debbie asked. “I’m just a college student, and even 
I’ve
 heard of the Ghosts, so do you really expect us to believe that you haven’t?” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dr. Adams insisted.
Debbie smiled at him. “According to the hospital website, you graduated from Fleming Medical School.” She held up her phone. “That’s right, isn’t it?” 
Dr. Adams paled, and he was clearly lost for words. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, not managing to say anything.
“You studied at Fleming Medical School, and you claim to not have heard of the Ghosts?” Debbie asked skeptically. “Do you think we’re stupid? 
Everyone
 knows the Ghosts recruit from the students at that school. No one who studied there could possibly be unaware of them.”
Dr. Adams remained silent, but his eyes darted around the room.
“And yet you say you have no knowledge of them,” Debbie said. “Clearly Alex is right, and you’re trying to cover it up.”
The atmosphere grew tense, and everyone now believed Alex. Dr. Adams had been on edge since Alex had arrived. He had been yelling and gesticulating like a maniac, rather than behaving like a dignified doctor.
The others in the room were intelligent, and they realized Debbie’s argument made sense, so they were convinced Dr. Adams was lying. 
Clark’s expression became stony.
Alex stared at Dr. Adams. “The Ghosts are a strange and secretive organization,” he said. “They lurk in the shadows, and since they operate in secret, they get a specific tattoo to enable them to recognize each other.” He looked pointedly at Dr. Adams. “Take off your shirt and let’s see if you have this tattoo.”
“No. I will not be treated this way!” Dr. Adams said, folding his arms. He turned to Clark. “Mr. Fairfax, these people have done nothing but insult me and cast aspersions on my character, and you have said nothing to defend me. Well, I have had enough of this nonsense, so find yourself another doctor.” 
With that, he turned around and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
He had only taken a few steps when he heard a loud bang as the door flew open so hard it was ripped off its hinges and landed on the floor.
Startled, he turned around just in time to see a hand reach out and grab his shirt, yanking him back into the room.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Clark asked, his tone positively icy.
Dr. Adams gaped at him in shock. Even Alex was surprised. He hadn’t realized Clark had such an explosive temper.
Clark had been polite in his dealings with everyone, and he had appeared to be a quiet person. But clearly there was a fierce man behind those manners. 
Clark was not prepared to let Dr. Adams leave until he had provided answers. Not when his daughter’s life was at stake. When the doctor had attempted to flee, Clark had reacted immediately, not letting the closed door slow him down. He had simply kicked it down and seized the doctor before he could get too far.
Alex appreciated the simplicity of Clark’s actions. Sometimes brute force was the best option. 
When Clark let go of him, Dr. Adams dropped to the floor, his legs too shaky to hold him up. “Mr. Fairfax, what’s wrong?” he asked, trembling. “Please, just let me go.” 
Clark ignored him and turned to two of his men. “Remove his shirt,” he ordered.
The two young men came forward and walked toward Dr. Adams.
“Mr. Fairfax, I’m not a Ghost,” Dr. Adams protested. “I’m just an ordinary doctor.”
Clark said nothing.
“Okay, okay! I’ll show you,” Dr. Adams said, holding out his hands. “I’ll take my shirt off.” 
He began to undo the buttons, moving slowly but deliberately, while he maintained the injured expression of someone wrongly accused.
All eyes were on his chest, waiting to see what would be revealed. When he reached the third button, he suddenly launched into action, jumping up and heading right for Clark. 
Before anyone could react, he held a scalpel to Clark’s throat. Light glinted off the blade, and his hand remained steady as he looked around at them all.
It seemed that Clark was in danger, and no one wanted to risk Dr. Adams killing him, so they stood still and watched.
But Dr. Adams had underestimated Clark, who was a skilled martial artist.
Within seconds, Clark had grabbed the doctor’s hand, using pressure points to force Dr. Adams to release his grip on the scalpel, which fell harmlessly to the floor. He continued to exert force, and the doctor’s face contorted with pain. His mouth dropped open in a silent scream.
Clark twisted around and punched Dr. Adams hard, knocking out a tooth and breaking his nose. Dr. Adams covered his face with his hands, trying to protect himself from further injury. 
Two of the nurses were scared, and they shrank back, not wanting anything to do with what was happening.
Clark’s true nature was becoming clear. When it came to fighting, he clearly preferred simple but violent methods. 
Dr. Adams cowered from him, not daring to fight back. Clark grabbed him and shoved him to the floor. He tore at the doctor’s shirt, removing it quickly, and then he stood back. 
Someone gasped as the cherry blossom tattoo on the doctor’s chest was revealed. 
“Now what do you have to say for yourself?” Clark demanded, glaring at him.
Dr. Adams refused to speak. 
“Take him away and question him,” Clark ordered his men. “Use any means necessary to make him talk.”
The two men strode forward and began to drag Dr. Adams away.
Dr. Adams frantically bit down hard, trying to burst the cyanide capsule implanted in his tooth, but the pill had been hidden in the tooth Clark had knocked out. As the men hauled him to the door, he looked over at Alex.
“Bye bye,” Alex said, giving him a little wave.
“Mr. Fairfax, who exactly are the Ghosts?” Debbie asked. “I’ve heard of them, but I only know the basics.”
“The Ghosts are a secret organization that exists in several countries,” Clark said. “Often, they seem to be helping people, but in reality, they are assassins and spies. They’re 
ruthless when it comes to obtaining information and seizing power. They infiltrate society through its institutions, businesses, and political organizations.” He scowled. “And it seems they arranged for Dr. Adams to get close to me.”
“What do they want?” Debbie asked.
“Power,” Clark said. “They are both patient and ambitious. Their ultimate goal is to have members occupy all the important positions in society, and then they will be able to shape the world in any way they see fit.”