“Mr. Thornton, this is a special occasion, so kindly restrain yourself,” Jessop said politely.
The crowd began to murmur to each other, keeping their voices down to avoid the attention of the Thorntons.
“Are the Thornton family here for revenge?”
“Why is Ash limping? What happened to him?”
“Why isn’t that young man afraid of them?”
“The Thornton family is acting ridiculous. Why can’t they just enjoy the reception?”
Despite their attempts to be quiet, it was clear Ash and Ferdinand had heard them, and they all stepped back, falling silent.
“This isn’t over,” Ferdinand said, his voice practically a hiss. He pushed his way through the crowd to stand at the side, and the rest of the family followed.
They all glared at Alex, but they didn’t dare act. None of them could understand how a loser like Alex could have the Steadman and Clifton families helping him.
Caroline’s jaw dropped, and she didn’t know what to make of the situation. She had been looking forward to Alex’s disgrace, and she was disappointed that the Thorntons hadn’t made a fool out of him.
Joe and Desmond were equally shocked. Alex had stood up to the Thornton family, and he had even slapped Ferdinand. 
Just how powerful is that kid?
 Desmond wondered.
Caroline shivered, wondering if she had been wrong about Alex.
No
, she thought. 
Surely
 it’s just a coincidence. The 
Steadmans
 and Cliftons were probably just maintaining order. It had nothing to do with Alex. I doubt they even know who he is.
She managed to convince herself there was nothing special about Alex, forgetting that Oscar had explicitly ordered his son to protect Alex.
Since Oscar had seen Alex fight, he had viewed him as an inspiration. Also, the collapse of the Mitchell family had made the 
Steadmans
 grow in power, and they owed that to Alex. As a result, he admired Alex, and he was happy to express his gratitude by standing beside him now.
Whatever Alex asked from Oscar, he would do it. Everything the Steadman family had was because of Alex, and the young man had earned their loyalty.
“Are you happy now?” Ferdinand demanded, scowling at Alex.
“You were right,” Alex said. “This isn’t over.”
Everyone watched with wide eyes, sensing things were going to get bad.
Ash gritted his teeth and limped forward. “What more do you want from us?” he asked, dripping with resentment.
Alex walked out to meet him. “I only slapped Ferdinand,” he said. “Do you really think that’s enough? I don’t. I want you to break his fingers for me. Then we’ll be even.”
Ash gaped at him.
“If Mr. Clifton and Mr. Steadman hadn’t arrived, you would have attacked me, right?” Alex asked. “Well, I always repay kindness with kindness, and I also exact revenge on those who wrong me. You might not have been able to act, but the intention was there, and that’s enough for me.” 
He looked at Ferdinand. “Well? It’s your decision. Either you break your own fingers, or I’ll do it for you.”
He smiled as he waited for a response, seemingly unbothered by the risk he was taking.
The Thornton family frowned as they stared at Alex. Ferdinand was so angry he was trembling with the urge to attack. He was a famous martial artist, and no one spoke to him like that. Not if they wanted to live.
He’s joking, right?
 he thought. 
Does this loser really think he can make me hurt myself?
Oscar smiled. All Ferdinand had to do was give in and make amends. Once he did, it would all be over.
Caroline choked back a laugh, surprised at Alex’s audacity.
She was tempted to walk over and cover his mouth before he embarrassed himself any further. 
All the most important people in the city are here,
 she thought. 
He really needs to shut his mouth and stop drawing attention to himself.
Joe nervously gnawed at his lip. 
What are you doing, Alex?
 he thought. 
These aren’t people you should mess with. If you annoy them, they’ll kill you as soon as look at you. You won’t stand a chance.
“Alex, don’t be ungracious,” Caroline scolded him. “The Thorntons agreed to spare you 
for the sake of Mr. Clifton and Mr. Steadman. Now you need to apologize to Ash and let it go.”
Despite her tone, she believed she was saving Alex from himself. Although she had wanted to see him humiliated, she had had enough, and she just wanted it all to be over.
Alex must have a death wish to stand up to Ferdinand`
, she thought.
She was disgusted by his arrogance, and she worried it might reflect badly on her and Joe If people thought the Hall family had brought him to the reception.
“What?” Alex asked, unable to believe Caroline was getting involved.
“Remember your place,” she said. “The Thorntons are important people, so you need to apologize. If you don’t, you’re just making things harder for yourself. You can’t just go around insulting people. Not with your poor background and lack of money. You need to listen to me; I’m trying to help you.”
Alex laughed. “You’re not qualified to give me advice.”