Kendall was an experienced assassin, so she had a sharp mind, and she knew Alex wouldn’t kill anyone so openly. If he had intended to kill Michael, he would have had a careful plan to avoid being caught.
Sophie nodded her agreement. “Exactly. Alex can’t be guilty.” 
“Shut up!” David snapped, glaring at the two women. “The facts are clear. Everyone saw him do it, so why are you trying to defend him?”
“No, 
you
 shut up,” Sophie retorted, clenching her fists in anger. It took every ounce of her self-control not to attack the man. 
Kendall's hands instinctively went to her waist, where she had kept her daggers when she had been an assassin. Luckily, she was unarmed, which spared David's life, but she was still furious at him. 
Lindsey looked at them all and said, “Please don’t fight.” 
“Alex can’t be guilty,” Kendall insisted. “He’s not that stupid.” 
“He did it in public!” David said, snorting. “Dozens of people saw him, including Lindsey.” He turned to Lindsey. “You saw him. He threw Michael out the window right in front of you. Are you really going to defend him?”
Lindsey’s pale face carried a trace of pain as she bit her lip and looked away. She would give anything to turn back time and not walk into that room.
The police wanted her to give a statement, so not only could she not help Alex, but she might be used as an eyewitness against him.
Kendall looked at Lindsey. “You look like a reasonable person,” she said. “I’m sure you’ll think carefully before you speak. That way, you won’t get into any trouble.” The threat was clear.
Kendall had buried the hatchet with Alex in recent days, and she was grateful to him for giving her another chance. She had also witnessed his kindness to patients and staff members, and she knew he was a good man.
In fact, Alex was the most loyal man she knew.
She also knew he had reached a level of martial arts that was beyond the reach of ordinary people. As such, he could kill people silently and easily, so why would he have killed Michael so publicly? No, if he had wanted Michael dead, he could have arranged it without bringing trouble on himself.
These people are idiots
, she thought, shaking her head. 
If Alex wanted to kill someone, he wouldn’t need to toss them out of a window.
“Did you just threaten Lindsey?” David asked, scowling at Kendall. His family supported Lindsey, and David had been engaged to her at one point, so he rushed to defend her.
Lindsey sat quietly, lost in thought. She understood Kendall was trying to protect Alex, so she didn’t take the threat personally.
Alex had denied dropping Michael, and she believed him, but she couldn’t understand why Michael had been suicidal. 
Her head hurt as she tried to puzzle it out. She knew Michael, and she was aware of how powerful his family was in Baltimore. So, it made no sense for him to kill himself, and yet that was what Alex had claimed.
“Lindsey! Are you 
all
 right?” a man called, walking into the station with several other men following him.
Riley 
Naysmith
 stood in front of Lindsey and sighed. “I heard about what happened, and I’ve come to check you’re okay.” He shook his head. “This is all my fault. I should never have introduced Michael to your club. I thought I was helping, but it’s only caused you trouble.” 
David turned away from Kendall, dismissing her as a threat, and turned to Riley. “No, it’s Alex’s fault,” he said. “He’s the one who threw someone out a window. No one made him do it. Alex is the one who has damaged Lindsey’s business.”
“Shut up!” Lindsey yelled, tired of listening to his complaints about Alex. She looked at Riley. “This has nothing to do with you.”
“I told Michael about your club, knowing he would spend a lot of money,” Riley said. “If it wasn’t for me, he would never have been there, and then none of this would have happened. I take full responsibility.” He paused. “So, I intend to sort it for you.”
“What?” Lindsey asked, frowning.
“Michael is dead, but there’s no need for Alex to take the blame,” Riley said. “After all, I heard you’re fond of him.”
Lindsey lowered her head and blushed, embarrassed that her feelings were common knowledge. She knew Riley was even more powerful around Baltimore than Michael had been, and he had always been eager to help her. For some reason, he felt indebted to her father, Charles, but she didn’t understand why.
David stared at her, uncomfortable at hearing about her feelings for Alex. 
“Don’t worry,” Riley said, “I can straighten out all the witnesses, including Michael’s bodyguards. They will change their statements and stop accusing Alex of killing Michael.” He shrugged. “Apparently, Michael was clumsy and accidentally fell out the window. Very careless.” He tutted, shaking his head. “You’re the only one yet to give a statement, Lindsey. Simply tell them you’re in shock and can’t remember what happened.”
Lindsey gaped at him.
“Without any witnesses, there will be no evidence Alex murdered anyone,” Riley continued, spreading his hands. “Who’s to say that Michael didn’t fall accidentally? It would be difficult to prove it was deliberate. Even if the worst happened and Alex was found guilty, the worst-case scenario would be negligent manslaughter. He'd serve less than five years."
Everyone stared at him in silence, not knowing how to react. No one had expected him to get involved in such a way. Riley was powerful, but he had known Michael, and they hadn’t been enemies. It didn’t make sense for him to help Alex like this.
Besides, it probably wasn’t that simple. The 
Murdochs
 were extremely powerful, and it seemed unlikely that Jeremiah wouldn’t try to avenge the death of his son. If Alex spent any time in prison, Jeremiah would arrange for him to die there. Alex wouldn't live long enough to get parole.
Not even Lindsey had seen this coming, so she was surprised by Riley’s assistance. “Thank you, Riley,” she said, beaming at him. “I really appreciate your support.” 
“Don’t mention it,” Riley said, waving away her gratitude. “It’s nothing.”
Then he looked affectionately at Lindsey and said, “Just say the word, and I’ll take care of it. 
Kendall had no idea what was going on, but she was thankful, nonetheless. “I care about Alex, too,” she said. “So, please help him.”