“I think, Mr. Murdoch, you should know the significance of these materials to your entire family,” Lindsey said, smiling at him. “There is an old saying that keeping the peace is the most important thing. If Alex’s life was not in danger, then the people behind this would not have made such a bold move against you.”
Jeremiah raised his eyebrow. “How do you intend to use these documents against us?”
Lindsey ignored the question and said, “All this information has revealed some interesting things about you. For example, I heard that a person who didn’t give you support mysteriously died in a car accident. His two sons gave you a lot of trouble but couldn’t get enough evidence, so you thought it was over. Well, I happened to find the driver who caused the accident, and I also happened to discover the whereabouts of the deceased man’s sons.”
Lindsey paused for effect, and then went on. “I don’t know if you want to meet with them or not. I can set up a dinner party and let everyone sit down and have a good chat.”
She glanced down at the papers and said, “Oh, and here’s another thing. I have some evidence here that you 
really
 like one of your office assistants. Someone has sent me some photos of the two of you in a rather, shall I say, personal encounter.
“I believe the office assistant is the daughter-in-law of Director Abbott. I’m afraid that if the director found out about what had happened between you and his daughter-in-law, he probably wouldn’t think very highly of you in the future, would he? Would you rather I tell him, or will you?”
Lindsey kept her voice calm and even throughout her revelations, but she was happy to see Jeremiah was sweating.
He hadn’t expected Lindsey to dig so deeply and ruthlessly into his secrets, and he felt like he had been completely exposed. If any of the information she had presented to him got out to the public, he and his family would be finished.
“Miss Marvel, I must say that I’m impressed by what you have presented here today,” Jeremiah said, trying to sound calm. “Alex would be impressed by you.”
Lindsey’s tone was one of indifference. “Alex and I have no relationship. I’m simply pursuing the truth about your son’s death.”
“Do you mean that Alex did not kill my son?” Jeremiah asked. “You believe the rumor 
that Michael sought his own death?”
“Yes,” said Lindsey. 
Jeremiah’s eyes were cold, and his hands clenched tightly as he stared at her. “What do you think you can accomplish by speaking ill of the dead?”
“As I said, I only seek the truth.” She took out another folder of papers and placed it in front of him as she said, “I managed to get my hands on Michael’s medical file. He had terminal cancer and was approaching the final stage of his illness. He didn’t have much time left.
“I was wondering why Michael was prepared to die just to frame Alex. When I saw this report, I had the answer. He had a grudge against Alex, and it’s not surprising that, in his last moments in life, he took the opportunity to attempt to destroy him.”
Lindsey paused to study Jeremiah for a moment. “I can see by the look on your face that you are upset and feeling conflicted,” she said quietly. “I just want to know the truth so that an innocent man can go free. So far, you’ve stayed quiet, and I can only assume that what I have said here is the truth. You knew your son was going to die, so why deny it?”
“So, you think Alex has been wronged, and you believe this medical report is enough to clear his name of all wrongdoing?” Jeremiah said.
Lindsey shook her head. “This report is not hard evidence. It cannot be used to clear Alex.”
Jeremiah sneered. “Then why even show it to me? If you have no evidence, then what are you looking for?”
She looked at him bluntly. “But you do have the evidence.” 
“What do you mean?” he asked suspiciously. “My son is dead, and you think I have evidence of how he died?”
“Yes,” Lindsey said calmly. “Michael may have been a player, but he was not a fool. Being the pleasure-seeking man he was, he cherished life more than most people did. Under normal circumstances, he likely would have tried to hang on to life as long as possible. After all, he had set up an insurance policy that promised huge benefits.”
“He can’t enjoy the benefits as a dead man,” Jeremiah pointed out.
Lindsey’s expression was very serious. “Maybe 
he
 can’t enjoy them, but his 
beneficiaries, the Murdoch family, can.”
“You’re making a fool of yourself by speculating,” Jeremiah said fiercely. “Besides, even if Michael 
had
 set up a policy with his family as beneficiaries, why wouldn’t he have told me, his own father? If I had known, I would have stopped him. I would have liked to have more time with him.” 
Lindsey stayed calm in the face of Jeremiah’s anger. “To you, the most critical reason to stay quiet is that you don’t want to admit he could have jumped,” she said. “There’s no way Michael wouldn’t have taken advantage of that situation with Alex. He had his policy, and whether Alex pushed him or not, he would look guilty. It was a clever plan.” 
Michael had hated Alex deeply, so his suicide had needed to look like an act of murder. However, the people behind it all must have been promised rich rewards. Otherwise, Michael would not have committed suicide, even if he had only a short time left to live. 
“I think it must have been Steven who persuaded Michael to frame Alex for murder,” Lindsey said. 
These words hit Jeremiah like a ton of bricks. He froze for a moment before bursting out laughing. He gave Lindsey a thumbs up. “You have a fine imagination; I’ll give you that. But an imagination is all you have. You have no evidence. I hope you aren’t too disappointed?”
He 
stopped
 laughing and sat back. “Those things you have just accused me and my family of doing could hurt my reputation, but they can’t destroy me. But know this; I would risk far, far more to take Alex down. It would be worth it.”
“Everyone knows you sent people to demonstrate at the entrance of the wellness center today,” Lindsey said. “The crowd rioted, the clinic was set on fire, and several people were injured. You’re being investigated.”
Jeremiah suddenly raised his head and looked at her calmly, “I told you we didn’t want any of this. But Alex pressed us. I don’t really care if the authorities are watching me. I abide by the law and don’t make trouble.”
“If I tell them what I know…” Lindsey trailed off meaningfully. Then, she said, “Thirty years ago, your father had to contend with accusations of murder. I wonder if he could survive that now if those accusations came back into the light?”
“There is nothing left to prove about anything, including about Michael,” Jeremiah said, shrugging. “He was cremated last night.” 
“I have plenty of evidence, or at least enough information, that is suspicious,” Lindsey said. “So, I will go to the police and tell them everything. I’ll tell them about Michael’s disease. I’ll tell them about an 
email
 that contains his personal confession and a recording, which shows that three days before the conflict between Michael and Alex, he had secret talks with others about his plans to retaliate against Alex. The police will investigate and determine that his fall from the building was suicide. Alex will go free.”
**
On the second day after Lindsey had visited the Murdoch mansion, she began reporting the information one piece at a time to her mysterious superior.