Alex was about to ask who the man was when another old man arrived with a young assistant. When he saw Alex, the older man’s eyes lit up, and he said respectfully, “Ah, Dr. Ambrose. What a pleasure it is to meet you.”
Brian and Susan were shocked once again. What was going on? How did Dr. Nick Simmons, another of the country’s leading medical experts, know who Alex was? 
Before they could recover, they were approached by the equally respected Dr. Eli Short, who was even more excited to see Alex than the others had been.
He trotted over and said, “Dr. Ambrose! Why am I even here if you’re already on the scene? I’m barely qualified to hand you your needles.”
Susan and Brian gaped in amazement.
Alex had no idea how these people knew him, but he didn’t greet them. He just nodded in greeting and walked into the elevator. 
Dr. Fox called out, “Take care, Dr. Ambrose!” 
Brian and Susan finally pulled themselves together. “How on earth do you know Alex Ambrose?” they asked.
Dr. Fox explained, “The miracle doctor of the Ambrose family is famous in medical circles.”
The doors of the elevator were about to close when Alex pressed the button to open them again. Then he stepped halfway into the corridor again and asked Dr. Fox, “Why are you treating me with such deference? What do you know about me?”
“I’m a student of Dr. Cook’s,” Dr. Fox explained, his eyes full of admiration. “Of course I look up to you. I’m really lucky to see you.”
“Oh, I see,” Alex said. “Dr. Cook was keen for me to mentor him, but I didn’t officially accept him.” Then he let the doors close, and the elevator started to descend.
Dr. Fox and Dr. Cook were among the few true medical experts in the world, so Brian and Susan didn’t know what to think. Brian wouldn’t have dared to ask Dr. Cook to come and see his daughter. Of course, Susan knew how important Dr. Cook was in the medical 
field. Even taking a picture with him was an honor. That such an expert would want to learn from Alex didn’t make any sense. What kind of extraordinary medical skills did Alex have? 
While Brian and Susan were still reeling, Alex walked out of the front doors of the hospital.
No sooner had he stepped out into the sunshine than a luxury car roared up. 
The car window wound down to reveal the beautiful face of Lindsey Marvel. She was wearing a smart blue suit with her long hair tied up in a ponytail.
“Can I give you a ride?” she asked, smiling at him.
“How did you know I was here?” he asked, getting in the car.
“I’ve had people watching the police station since they arrested you,” Lindsey explained. “When Timothy brought you to Baltimore General Hospital, I thought of Haley’s accident, and I guessed he was bringing you here to save her. So, I came to check it out. How’s the girl?”
As she turned the steering wheel and pulled away, she added, “Presumably she’s stable, or Brian wouldn’t have let you go.”
“Unfortunately not,” Alex said, relaxing into his seat. “Timothy wanted me to save her, but Brian refused to let me do it and drove me out of the room. He’s invited three famous doctors and feels they’ll be enough to save her.” He shrugged. “But he also gave me my freedom.” 
“He chased you out?” Lindsey asked with a laugh. “With your medical skills? You’re the best there is! That Brian is really something. He would rather let those three doctors treat Haley, rather than allow you, the miracle doctor, to do it.”
“Do you think those three doctors can really save her?” Alex asked.
Lindsey sighed and glanced at him. “If they can’t, then don’t be surprised if Brian wants to take it out on you.”
“I think I’m the only one that can save her,” Alex said. “But if Dr. Fox and the others work together, although they won’t be able to heal her completely, they should be able to keep her alive for a week. If they ask me for help, I’ll do what I can, but if Brian can’t get over his misplaced pride, then there’s not much I can do.”
Lindsey looked apologetic. “Alex, I’m sorry,” she said. “He almost had you locked up for good.”
“It’s not your fault,” Alex said. “It’s his arrogance that is the real problem. I’ll contact him eventually. After all, he is the director of medicine.”
He changed the subject. “By the way, I heard that you’re the one who saved Haley?”
Lindsey smiled. “Yes, I went to the racecourse to meet a big client this afternoon. When I came out, I noticed the track was dangerous, and the rider was in danger, but I couldn’t prevent the accident. Afterward, I managed to get the horse off her and out of the way. I didn’t know the girl was Brian’s daughter. After all, she was wearing a helmet, so it could have been anyone.” She shook her head. “But it was nothing. I certainly didn’t do it for Brian. I just did what needed to be done.”
She was incredibly casual about the whole thing. It was as if an earth-shaking rescue mission was nothing to her.
“You’ve changed, Lindsey,” Alex said. “You’re no longer the young woman waiting for others to protect you. I know things have been tough on you recently.”
“You don’t need to praise me, you know,” Lindsey said.
“It’s just that everything you’ve done recently seems so out of character for you,” he said. “Who’s guiding you? Where are you getting the power to mobilize Timothy and Brian, overthrow the Murdoch family, and work the case for me?”
Lindsey looked at the road in front of her and smiled. “You’re right. There has been someone helping me. I don’t know who, but they were confident they could help you. I’ve done exactly what they said step by step. And I’m happy I’ve been able to do something for you.”
“Why don’t I know about this?” Alex was confused.
“You don’t know?” Lindsey was surprised. “He said you knew each other.”
“Have you seen him?” Alex asked, lost in thought. “Who is he? How old is he?”