Melvin was very unhappy. “Ms. Thornton, the Robinson family won’t stand for you bullying Maryann.” 
“So, she’s a member of the Robinson family. So what?” Maria was unimpressed.
“Oh, the Robinson family? Well, well.” Gabriel didn’t show any fear at all. If anything, he looked even more excited. “Maryann, I’m very interested in you. And, Melvin, I’ll warn you now; don’t get in my way.” 
Before anyone else could speak, Maria said, “Micah took his orders too far. He drank too much and got carried away, and for this we will punish him. Gabriel will apologize to you on his behalf. In addition, we’ll compensate you with two million dollars. What do you say?”
Maria spoke politely, believing she had shown Maryann the greatest courtesy. 
“We all know the score and what we’re involved in,” she said. “Let’s forget this incident. No one should bear any grudges.” 
Maria had given the matter careful consideration. After all, the Thornton family and the Ghosts were facing great challenges now. They needed to move forward and be united, so the last thing they needed was to acquire any unnecessary enemies. Maryann’s family was powerful, so the Thorntons had to tread carefully.
Although Maria meant what she said, Gabriel felt differently. He was still very interested in Maryann, and he didn’t want to let her go.
While this was going on, Alex was watching and listening carefully to everything, but the chill in his eyes did not dissipate. He noticed an old man standing behind Gabriel with a face like stone. He gave no hint of a smile, and his eyes were bright as he stared at everyone. He seemed to be ready to move at any time.
Maryann was still very angry. She was a strong woman, and the arrival of Alex and Melvin had made her feel more confident.
“Maria, don’t think you can just dismiss this,” she said. “As you are well aware, if Alex hadn’t intervened, your men 
would have
 achieved their goal, and I could have died. I don’t want your lousy two million dollars. I don’t accept your terms. If you want my forgiveness, and an end to this matter, there is only one price I will accept.”
Everyone was listening intently now. What would Maryann demand?
“You must force Gabriel to apologize,” she said. “I want him punished, and I want your word that he will never come near me again, or I’ll never let this go!”
Maryann had been made to look weak and helpless in front of Alex, and she felt humiliated and angry. She was also a Robinson, and she couldn’t allow the insult to her family to go unpunished.
As she spoke, Maryann looked at Alex to see his reaction. Alex’s eyes narrowed, and he was clearly pleased with her assertiveness. She didn’t want Alex to look down on her, so was trying her best to appear strong.
Maria’s expression turned cold, and she obviously found Maryann’s demand unacceptable.
“Maryann, you ask too much,” she said. “After all, you’re not hurt. We’ve apologized to you, but we’re not afraid of you; we just want to calm things down. You must give this up, or I won’t be responsible for what comes next.”
“Don’t talk nonsense,” Maryann said. “You will do as I ask. You have thirty seconds. If my conditions are not met before the time runs out, then 
you 
will be responsible for the consequences.” She turned to Melvin. “Melvin, let’s have a drink while they get ready.”
Maria was angry, and her laugh was forced and unnatural. “Maryann, listen to me. Gabriel is an elder master of the Ghosts. Do you think you can force him to do anything?” 
“Ms. Thornton,” Melvin said, his expression blank. “There are now twenty seconds left.” 
“Nineteen.”
“Eighteen.”
“Be quiet!” One of the Ghosts stood up, glaring at Melvin. “Gabriel is an expert in martial arts. Who are you? This is an insult to the Ghosts. You can’t continue with this ultimatum.”
Maryann said loudly, “Ten, nine, eight...”
“Shut up!” The 
Ghosts
 felt Gabriel was being belittled, and they wanted the countdown to stop.
But Melvin was already moving. He stepped forward and grabbed the Ghost who had been shouting. He threw him across the room onto the table, knocking over all the 
bottles and glasses with a loud splintering of glass. The Ghost’s landing broke the table, and he fell to the ground, covered with glass and crying in pain.
Everyone was shocked at Melvin’s unexpected show of strength and violence.
Alex smiled as he looked on, observing rather than participating in the scene. He saw Gabriel suddenly touch his chest, as if he felt some pain.
As Melvin attacked the Ghost, Maria seethed with anger. “Maryann, you shouldn’t have started this,” she said. “Don’t blame me now for my ruthlessness. You need to stop and get out of here!” 
Maryann ignored her. “Melvin, would you please deal with Gabriel?” 
Melvin nodded and signaled with his hand. The Robinson bodyguards lined up, glaring menacingly at their opponents.
At that moment, the door burst open, and a number of people in black rushed in, followed by Riley 
Naysmith
.
“Stop, now, all of you!” cried one of the men.
When no one responded, another subordinate raised his gun and fired a single shot into the air.
Instantly, the room fell silent.
Then, surrounded by his people, Riley’s eyes flashed, as if he was ready to fight at any second. His reputation was stronger than that of the feuding families in the room, and he was supremely confident in his power.
Riley’s appearance made Alex particularly unhappy, although he wasn’t sure why he distrusted the man so much.
“Riley!” Maryann smiled broadly.
Riley turned to her, and Maryann stepped forward, grinning as she held out her hand. She was clearly delighted to see him.
The Robinson and 
Naysmith
 families were close friends, and Maryann and Riley had played together when they were children. Although they hadn’t been in touch for many years, she assumed Riley would be on her side and would help her solve her problem.