Alex scoffed at Grace. “Who do you think you are?” he asked, annoyed at her arrogance.
He had intended to be polite to her, but he didn’t think she deserved to be shown respect.
“You will pay for your actions,” Grace threatened, scowling at him.
Then suddenly, she rushed at Alex and broke out her martial arts moves.
She knew that she was facing an experienced fighter, so she didn’t let her guard down for a moment. She used all the moves she had ever learned, believing Alex would get exhausted and give up.
But Alex didn’t move at all and simply looked at her with contempt. Then, without warning, he called on his inner power, and his fingers began to glow.
Using his inner power was a compliment to Grace. After all, he didn’t bother to use it on lesser opponents like Ferdinand or Ash. So, it was clear that he considered Grace as skilled as Tyson Slade and Jacob Randolph. Otherwise, he would have just defeated her with basic martial arts moves.
Grace moved at lightning speed and raised her walking stick, jabbing it at Alex’s neck. 
Maryann gasped, and Melvin was about to rush in to help Alex. Everyone watched, their eyes wide.
Alex didn’t even attempt to dodge the strike.
Grace burst out laughing. A blade protruded from the tip of her stick, and it seemed that Alex was doomed. Grace had moved with incredible skill and speed, and many younger people would have found it impossible to match her.
The light flared in Alex’s hands, and Grace felt the stick grow lighter. Frowning in confusion, she stared at it, shocked to realize the tip of her walking stick was lying on the ground. Somehow, Alex had severed the blade.
She staggered forward a few steps before she regained her balance, still gaping at the broken stick.
The walking stick had been Grace’s favorite weapon for many years, and never had anyone even come close to breaking it. And yet, Alex had destroyed it with just one blow.
Grace took a few steps back to make Alex think she was retreating. Then, taking him by surprise, she lunged at him.
Her hands were on Alex’s throat, and she was determined to finish him.
Everyone held their breath, and Maryann was horrified. She regarded Grace as just as dangerous as Alex, but Grace seemed more cunning.
But then Alex moved back, pushed Grace’s hand away from his throat, and twisted it. Grace let out a shrill cry, and her face contorted with rage.
“You’re going to regret this,” she roared at Alex, attacking him.
Grace had a lot of experience fighting enemies, so she was familiar with the moves and tactics Alex was using. She knew that he must have been trained by a powerful martial arts expert. As a senior member of a martial arts group herself, she realized Alex’s skills must be more powerful than hers.
As Alex fought, beads of sweat formed on his forehead. 
Grace was astonished at the sight of him. She neither dared to relax nor attack, but she slowed down her speed and thought about how she was going to protect herself.
But when she remembered how Alex had offended the Thorntons, she became excited again, and she was determined not to let Alex see her fear. 
Besides, I know most of those moves,
 Grace thought. She had observed Alex’s skills, but whether she could replicate them remained to be seen.
Alex didn’t attack or hurt Grace when she slowed down. Rather, he gave her an opportunity to fight back. He waved his hands as if he was bored, but Grace didn’t take it lightly. She didn’t let down her guard and always had her eyes fixed on him.
The winner would be decided in just a handful of moves.
Everyone noticed that Alex’s way of dealing with Grace was light-handed and thought it unusual. Maryann didn’t know what was going on, as she was unfamiliar with martial arts. She only knew that Alex hadn’t won yet, and she thought he was at a disadvantage since the room was full of Thorntons.
She noticed the expression on Riley’s face and said, “Riley, I warn you to leave Alex alone. If you don’t, I will never forgive you.”
She was afraid that Riley and his men would rush in and attack Alex while he was distracted.
“Alex is like family to me,” she continued. “I won’t let you hurt him. Besides, he has important connections, and you won’t be able to handle them.”
And then, to make Riley give up on his plan to pursue Alex, she warned him that if anything happened to Alex, she wouldn’t survive it.
But Riley seemed indifferent to Maryann’s warning. His eyes were fixed on Alex, and he was waiting for an opportunity to attack.
He considered Alex to be a threat to him, so if he didn’t get rid of Alex now, it would cause trouble later. 
Riley was also jealous of Alex and felt a deep hatred toward him.
Finally, Alex spoke to Grace again. “Have you had enough?” he asked calmly.
Grace panicked, not knowing if that was a warning that Alex wanted to kill her.