Maryann had always shown her vulnerable side to Alex, so he had expected her to cry. Unexpectedly, Maryann bit her lip and listened intently to what he had to say.
“Do you mean that everything you did last night had nothing to do with me?” Maryann asked quietly. She didn’t cry, but her expression was somber.
“Ah.” Alex ran his hands through his hair in frustration. “Why don’t you understand what I’m trying to say?”
She shook her head. “You’re being ridiculous. I really can’t believe that what you did last night had absolutely nothing to do with me.” She pouted as she tried to hold back tears. “Besides, you’re comparing me to a cat or a dog? Really? Is that what you think of me? Do I have paws? Fur? A tail?” Maryann continued to launch a series of rhetorical questions, and as she did so, her anger mounted.
“Ah. I mean—well—” Alex stuttered, trying to backtrack.
“I don’t care about your little mission to seek justice,” she said, poking a finger in his chest. “You’re not a superhero. It doesn’t matter how you feel. I care about you, and I’ll help you whenever you need it, even if you don’t ask. I don’t want to see you get killed, so you simply need to find a way to deal with me.” She paused, looking like she was about to stamp her foot, before she continued, “Alex, is it wrong to love someone? Is loving you breaking some sort of law? I love you. I don’t care what you think.”
Alex was speechless. He had only wanted to convince her that he hadn’t defended her because he had any particular feelings for her, but now she seemed to have not heard a word he had said. 
She just said she loves me
, he thought. 
Yet, she says she doesn’t care what I think?
Maryann hadn’t finished. In fact, she began to speak faster and faster. “I don’t expect anything in return. I certainly don’t want your pity. You’re afraid that I won’t let you go and will stick right by you, but just give me a chance. If you do, I’ll even give you half of my company.”
Alex simply blinked. 
She wants to give me half of her company? 
he thought.
 I don’t understand. She must know that I wouldn’t take advantage of her like that.
In fact, Maryann would do anything to keep Alex by her side, and she was worried that he wouldn’t accept her offer. Looking at his expression, she realized that he was going to say no. Before he could speak, she added, “Alex, I mean it. I want to give you half of the 
company. Don’t look down on us. The market value of Robinson Winery has improved a lot, and you’d be rich. We could manage it together, help it to grow, or you can even operate it by yourself. I would openly support you.”
Alex was surprised at the offer. She was a keen businesswoman and very independent. She had preferred to give up the glory and wealth she would have had by getting married to the oil baron, as her family had wanted, to manage her own business.
But now, for Alex, she was willing to give up half her business? She was a strong woman, but when it came to matters of the heart, she was obviously not thinking clearly.
“No, I don’t want your business,” Alex said shortly. “I’m not interested in the wine industry.” 
Maryann sighed. She had expected the response, but she had to try. “Very well. If you aren’t interested in that offer, then perhaps you’ll take me up on a different one.” 
“What do you want now?” Alex asked, exasperation evident in his tone. 
“Well, would you have breakfast with me today?” She blushed.
“Oh.” Alex was relieved. This was an offer that he could accept. Even though he had just had breakfast, he wasn’t opposed to the idea of a second one. 
A
lthough he had no interest in Maryann, he did feel a little guilty and wanted to make her happy.
As they started to walk down the street to find a restaurant, a roaring voice sounded from behind them. “You better get out of here while you have the chance!”
They turned around and saw Riley, whose face was a mask of anger, stride purposefully toward them. His bodyguard followed.
“I heard everything just now,” Riley huffed. He had obviously just been released from custody and was seething mad. “You offered to give him half of the Robinson Winery in exchange for his love? And now you’re having breakfast together? How do you expect to pay for it?”
Riley was furious. He had lost respect the previous night, and now, seeing Alex and Maryann together was like the icing on the cake.
Maryann obviously liked Alex more than she did Riley. He should have expected that. After all, Alex liked to play hero, and Maryann seemed to like that in men.
“Cheap fool!” Riley snapped, gritting his teeth in anger. 
Maryann had been in a very good mood, and now, seeing Riley’s crazed appearance, she didn’t want to lose that mood. She said, “Riley, you’re the fool. Leave me alone.”
Maryann didn’t want to talk to Riley at all. His mood swung back and forth like a pendulum. Because of that, she didn’t respect him very much.
“How dare you talk to me that way!” he shouted. “I’m a powerful figure in this city; you know that.”
“I don’t want to talk to you when you’re angry,” Maryann said in a cold voice. “There’s no reasoning with you.” She turned away and tugged on Alex’s arm, trying to put some distance between them and Riley. 
Riley was furious. Maryann had acted polite, but her words had been cruel. 
On top of that
, he had overheard her affectionate words to Alex. 
Why does she never talk to me like that?
 he wondered, seething inwardly.
Before he could give it another thought, and before any of the others could react, he snatched a dagger from his bodyguard’s pocket and then stabbed it at Alex. 
Maryann paled as time slowed. She instinctively reached for the dagger in an attempt to stop him. It sliced her palm, and she gasped as she pulled it back. It oozed blood, but she now had the dagger in her hand. She scolded herself for her reaction. She had momentarily forgotten that Alex was an expert at martial arts, and that he could defend himself just fine.
“Don’t think that you can bully us just because you are from a powerful family,” she hissed, clutching her hand.
Riley laughed and indicated for his bodyguards to fan out and prepare to fight. The air was filled with tension. 
“Go away! Just leave us alone!” Maryann cried.