Maryann sensed impending disaster. Alex was about to get into another fight over her. He couldn’t expect to win every battle and be a lone hero, so she had to try to stop the fight.
Riley’s bodyguard stepped around to the side to draw Alex’s attention in two different directions. Without further thought, Maryann raised the dagger in her hand and held it against her own neck. 
“If you lay one finger on Alex, I promise I’ll do it,” she said desperately. “I’ll kill myself. If that happens, you’ll have the Robinson family to deal with. They won’t let you get away with my death. They’ll retaliate with blood for your stupidity today!” 
Maryann knew her strategy to try to save Alex was a risky one. If it didn’t work, they both might end up dead. 
Riley had frozen when he saw her place the blade of the dagger against her own neck. Her hand was still bleeding from where it had been cut. Her action had surprised him. He sneered and asked, “Maryann, what are you doing? Is he really worth your life?” 
“Go away! Get out of here!” she cried. “Don’t let me see you again. We aren’t friends anymore, Riley. Do you not see what you’ve done to me? Leave me alone. Alex is my friend. Accept it and leave.”
Maryann was excited, and Riley didn’t want her to die. He didn’t really care about her as much as she thought he did, but he did know that if she killed herself, he would have Alex and the Robinsons after him. He couldn’t afford that attention right now.
With a sigh, Riley waved his arm at his bodyguard and said, “Back down. Get back.”
The bodyguard stopped his sideways movement and stepped back to Riley’s side, staring at Maryann and Alex. 
Riley looked at Maryann appraisingly, realizing he needed to use a different tactic with her. He cleared his throat and tried to soften his expression. Then he spread his hands placatingly and said, “Maryann, relax. Don’t be angry and don’t do anything stupid. I won’t hurt your friend. Put the knife down and give me your hand. Then I’ll help you bandage the wound. Don’t you remember how we had to help each other when we were kids? Let me help you now. Now that we’re adults, there’s no need for us to fight, especially with knives.” 
Riley started to step closer, but before he could move, Alex intervened. He grabbed Maryann’s injured hand and gently touched the wound, sending some of his inner power into it.
Maryann felt a burst of electromagnetic energy flow through her palm, up her arm, and out into her body. After the feeling passed, her bleeding hand had not only stopped hurting, but it had also stopped bleeding entirely.
Alex’s expression was cold as he asked, “What made you think you should grab that dagger? You aren’t a fighter, Maryann, you’re a business owner. Did you even think about your own safety? You were foolish, and you put yourself in danger for no reason.” 
He was angry with her. 
How could she have done something so stupid?
 he thought. 
Did she think she was trying to save me? I can take care of myself.
Alex’s attitude was cold, but he reached into his pocket, dug around for a moment, and then pulled out a tissue. He handed it to her as he said, “Here. Look, I can solve my own problems. I don’t need you jumping in and putting yourself at risk. If you do, I’ll be angry and will think less of you.” 
Maryann wiped the blood from her hand without complaint.
Riley couldn’t keep his mouth shut any longer. “Alex, you really are a selfish bastard. She offered her company to you. You rejected it, and you rejected her, and yet she still came to your defense. Now, you’re yelling at her again. How could you treat her like that?”
Riley was beyond jealous. He couldn’t understand how Alex could still treat Maryann so disrespectfully, and yet she still defended him. What sort of power did the man have over her? In fact, Alex seemed to have that kind of power over every woman he met.
“Riley!” Maryann turned on him, unable to listen to another word he said. She threw the tissue at him. “Shut up, you idiot!”
She took a step toward him as she continued her rant. “You don’t have to pretend to be a good person here. You’ve already shown what kind of person you are. You’re a wolf in sheep’s clothing. I used to listen to you because we were close in the past, but now I can see through your hypocritical lies. Get out of here. I don’t want to see you.” She glared at him. “You make me feel sick.”
Riley shook his head and sighed. “Oh, Maryann, you’re hopeless. You’ve been thoroughly brainwashed by this rogue. You’re from a fine Baltimore family, so how can you be taken in by someone like this? He’s a bastard, but he’s devoted his life to flattering you. He keeps you close because you’re rich. He’ll take advantage of that and use you, mark my words.” 
Riley paused for a moment, lost in thought, and then he said, “You know, why don’t we work together? Alex won’t go into business with you, but I could. I know how to run a business and how to make it grow. If he owned half your business, he would only do it to get rich. But I’m already rich, so I suggest you take my offer seriously. If you don’t, perhaps I should take this information to your father. If he only knew that you were mixed up with a scoundrel like Alex, he’d send you off to that oil baron so fast that you’d never see it coming.”
There was a strong threat in Riley’s tone, and Maryann knew that his influence in Baltimore could not be denied. One phone call to her family, and her assets would be transferred right back to the rest of her family. She would have nothing, and Riley would be on their side. She didn’t even want to think about what would happen to her or to Alex. 
“Go away, Riley,” Maryann snapped. “You are such a villain, trying to meddle in my family affairs. You may think you have a good reason to do so, but I warn you, don’t push me. I’m the head of Robinson Winery. I’m not the fool that you think I am, and I won’t let you try to cheat me out of my company. You think that you’re smarter and more powerful than me. We’ll see about that. Now 
for the last time
, go away.”
Riley merely laughed at her. “I like your attempt at brainwashing me, Maryann. It won’t work, but I’m impressed by the effort. I advise you to separate from Alex. He will only drag you down. He’s gutter trash who doesn’t care about you. If you don’t take my words seriously, you will not only harm yourself but also him.” Riley changed his tactics, but he still threatened both Alex and Maryann because he was jealous of their friendship.