“Oh, I still think highly of you, Maryann.” Tom spoke directly to her, ignoring Alex. “I thought when you opened that Robinson Winery had lots of potential and that you’d do really well. Who knows, it might still be the case.”
Tom shook his head, pretending regret. “How can a high-flier like you have such an uneducated guy for a secretary? Doesn’t he know how rude it is to interrupt when the grown-ups are talking?” He sighed. “Maryann, don’t rush this decision and make a terrible mistake. Ignore this clown and think carefully about what I’ve been saying to you.”
Without saying a word, Maryann continued to watch Tom’s performance.
When she didn’t react, he sneered. “So, the Robinson family is determined to fight against us.”
As Tom knew very well, Belmont Media was, in fact, the group responsible for all the behind-the-scenes action taking place against Robinson Winery. They had encouraged the protestors, urged them on to stronger action, and made sure there were plenty of photographs taken as evidence against the winery. These had all proved to be effective ploys in the past and had been used many times to bring in huge profits.
No company was safe against this kind of underhanded tactics. Belmont Media would stir up social unrest, yet they always appeared to be acting for the greater good, leaving their victims to feel the force of the public’s anger.
“You think you and your sidekick can threaten me with bankruptcy, though?” Tom was incredulous. “My company is booming; we employ people all over the world. You can’t make me bankrupt. The joke’s on you two clowns.”
 Alex’s face was still expressionless as he stated, “You have one minute left.”
“Will you shut up?” Tom grew angry. “Who the hell do you see 
when you look
 at yourself in the mirror? I’m not talking to you; I’m only talking to Maryann.” Tom was so furious that he slapped both hands down on the table and glared at Alex. “Maryann, you can’t say that I haven’t given you a chance. You’ve still got time to accept my offer. Come on, think about it. You know it makes sense.”
Tom was desperate now; he couldn’t afford to lose face over this.
Maryann laughed. She knew that if Alex had made up his mind to do something, then 
even she couldn’t stop him. Tom was probably going to have a lot of bad luck today if he kept arguing.
She finally replied to him. “Are you done? Right, now it’s my turn to say a few things. First, we will deal with the disputes between Robinson Winery and those protesters outside. It has nothing to do with you or your company. Second, do not threaten to meddle with our accounts and send them to the media. Otherwise, I promise you, there will be retribution sooner or later. Third, even if you think a person is somehow beneath you, you should treat him with respect, or you may well come to regret your attitude.”
She folded her arms across her chest and leaned back in her chair. “Well, that’s all I have to say.”
Tom listened to Maryann’s speech with a look of total disdain. Then he took out another cigarette and put it 
into his
 mouth. Before he could light it, a voice in his ear said, “Time’s up.”
Alex knocked the cigarette out of Tom’s mouth, and then made a call. “It’s me. It’s time for us to put things into action. Be ready to use the strength of the whole of the Baltimore Martial Arts Association. And everyone connected with the Moon Palace needs to be called and told that I want Belmont Media closed down within five minutes. Inform me when it is done.”
Tom was skeptical. No one could shut down an entire media company in five minutes; it just wasn’t possible, especially for a nobody like this secretary. 
A 
minute later, the 
public
 first heard the news that Alex wanted Belmont Media to close down. Phones rang across the city as his orders were carried out. Personal assistants in companies throughout Baltimore received calls from Alex’s team, and phone lines were tied up as the word spread. 
If Alex had wanted to build someone’s career, then he would have had a more difficult task on his hands. But to destroy a company that had built itself up through blackmail and threats? That was a much easier task for someone with connections in all areas of the city. 
A couple of minutes passed, and Tom still felt confident that Alex was bluffing about his ability to destroy Belmont Media. After all, he had built his company up carefully, and he knew a lot of things that many important people would prefer to stay hidden from the public.
In the twinkling of an eye, three minutes had passed.
Tom’s phone rang, and his face froze. The phone belonged to the company, and its number was private; it was only to be used in emergencies. It was originally set up to prevent Tom from being contacted by the other party during negotiations. If this phone was ringing, then it must indicate that there was a serious problem.
Nervously, he answered the call and listened. “What? Say that again.” Tom jumped up in surprise. “Zane has been arrested for extortion?” He listened some more. “My office was raided? The company accountant was taken in by the authorities?” 
His voice rose in panic, his face turned pale, and he slumped in his chair. 
The urgent phone calls kept coming. Tom answered them all as quickly as he could, and the news seemed to get worse with every conversation. Finally, he was told that his company assets had been frozen and that he was forbidden from leaving the country. The impossible seemed to have happened.
Within four minutes, all employees of Belmont Media had collectively left the company, the company’s accounts were being checked, and the director had been taken away by the police. Now the relevant departments responsible for auditing a company’s finances were inspecting the firm, and all operations had been halted with immediate effect.
All the banks that Belmont Media had business with announced that they had broken all ties with them, forcing the repayment of all outstanding debts and freezing all assets. 
Tom was visibly frightened, and his hands were shaking so badly he could barely hold the phone.
Four and a half minutes. That was all it had taken for Belmont Media to collapse and go into bankruptcy. 
A few minutes to destroy Tom’s decades of work. It was a waking nightmare.
Alex looked at his watch and said quietly, “Well, half a minute to spare. That’s not bad.”