“What? How? I don’t believe it.” Tom was horrified. In just four and a half minutes, his entire company had been destroyed.
How had Alex done it? Just by making a phone call in front of Tom, he had pulled strings that had sent the whole company tumbling. It was more like the plot of a TV series than real life.
Tom felt like everything was an illusion. He shook his head violently and blinked. Maybe he could wake himself up and this whole nightmare would be over. He still didn’t believe that Alex could have done this. How could a secretary have wielded such power?
Maryann was no less shocked than Tom, but outwardly, she kept very calm. She knew now was not the time to celebrate; she had to continue to observe and see how the situation would develop.
Tom felt a pain like a sharp blade in his heart. His face moved through a range of expressions as thoughts ran through his head, and then he picked up his phone, pressed several numbers in succession, and spoke rapidly. As he listened to the voice at the other end, the last of the color drained from his cheeks, and his eyes flashed with anger.
Everything had been confirmed. Worse than that, it seemed that the disastrous situation had not stopped in the last few moments but had developed further. Now, Belmont Media had announced that it would stop business. The voice on the phone spoke again, and Tom felt like he had been punched hard in the stomach. Moments ago, Zane Clarke, who had been loyal to him for more than ten years, had double-crossed him by making an announcement on behalf of Belmont Media.
The content of the notice was very brief, but the words were enough to annihilate the company. In it, Zane admitted that Belmont Media had wittingly deceived the public on many occasions by creating stories out of nothing, that they had released harmful information to create unnecessary alarm or hurt, and that they had done much to profit from the misfortune of others. This official statement would be fatal for the company, and there would be nothing Tom could do to retrieve the situation. 
Belmont Media was now being tried by the court of public opinion. Millions of social media users had picked up the story and were discussing it angrily. Rival media companies were releasing articles condemning them. Within a few minutes, public opinion online was like a storm of angry words, whirling and gaining momentum with each new discussion. Zane’s statement added fuel to the fire because an insider was confirming the rumors that the company had been deceiving the world for many years.
Zane had been Tom’s confidant for so long, acting as his second in command. If Tom was away, then Zane had the power to act on his behalf. For him to release such a statement was an act of total betrayal.
Zane had made it clear in the statement that Belmont Media was declaring bankruptcy immediately and was closing indefinitely, and he had offered sincere apologies to all those negatively impacted by the actions of the company. Finally, he had also implied that everything was the result of Tom’s greed, and that the blame should be taken by Tom alone. His colleagues and he had merely been doing as their boss had instructed.
Tom had always been a fighter. He had built his business up by being ruthless and not being afraid to tread on people’s toes to get what he wanted. Now, however, he felt the fight drain out of him. This betrayal left him feeling winded and unable to think clearly.
He was the chairman of Belmont Media. When something happened, he had to be responsible for it. But now there was nothing left; no reputation, no status, no company, only a public spitting with anger and wanting revenge, and the looming shadow of lawsuits and court appearances.
The statement had been issued on an official network platform of Belmont Media. In a short time, there were tens of thousands of messages and more than one hundred million hits. Tom looked closely at the time of the statement’s release.
Of course. It was released four and a half minutes after Alex had first made his phone call after demanding Tom apologize to Maryann. Within five minutes, just as Alex had promised, Belmont Media had announced bankruptcy. As president and chief editor, he had been made to look a fool.
Those five fatal minutes were the worst five minutes of Tom’s life.
Everything Alex said had come true. Everything he threatened had happened within the time frame specified.
Tom had no idea what to do next. He held his head in his hands and was silent for a few seconds. Suddenly, he said hysterically, “There’s no way this is the end of me and everything I’ve worked for. It’s just a little setback. I can make a comeback!”
Then he took a deep breath and spoke more calmly, loosening his tie. “I see how you did this. No way was that the result of one phone call. In fact, you two have been colluding with each other for a long time, and you put everything in place over the past few days, just waiting for me to come here, right?” He scowled. “You think you can get the better of me like this? You’re wrong, both of you. You’re no better than a pair of petty 
criminals, sitting here, plotting against me, thinking you’re so smart—but you won’t win.”
“Oh, won’t we?” Maryann smiled. She felt she could afford a small show of confidence now.
Tom sneered and continued. “Don’t be complacent. I haven’t shown my whole hand yet. I should remind you that I’m not all alone in the world. Actually, I’ve got just as much support as you have. I’m from the Baltimore branch of the Steadman family. Oscar recently expanded the family’s business interests, and almost all of Dominic Mitchell’s territory has been taken over by us. You didn’t know that, did you?” 
He smirked. “In Oscar’s eyes, you are nothing. I just have to call him, and Robinson Winery will be in chaos.”
As he spoke, Tom took out his phone again and dialed quickly. He was connected in moments, and a voice asked, “Who is this?”
Tom clearly didn’t know that Oscar was Alex’s most loyal supporter. 
“Oscar, it’s me, Tom. I need your help. I’m in trouble.” His voice was low and urgent. 
“Don’t say another word!” Oscar snapped impatiently. “Don’t call me again, and in the future, don’t tell anyone I know you. I don’t want anything to do with you.”
“Oscar?” Tom asked, shocked. “What’s going on? How can you say that to me?” He had been relying on Oscar to get him out of this situation, and now he felt close to tears. Who could he call on now?
Oscar’s voice continued. “Tom, you have done many evil things. I haven’t had any respect for you for a long time, but my wife, Alice, always asked me to cover for you. You’ve gone too far now. Accept your punishment and don’t act rashly. I can’t, and won’t, get involved this time.” With those words, Oscar hung up the phone.
Tom let the phone fall from his numb fingers. He had no one left to turn to.