“Whatever your plans, you have my backing,” Maryann said. “If we need to shut down all wine production until you get your product up and running, then that’s no problem.” 
Alex looked at her seriously. “I really appreciate that. My plan is to mass produce Golden Health powder. For this, we’ll need to—”
He was cut off by the door bursting open, announcing the arrival of Louisa, who was followed promptly by Julie.
“Please, Miss Murdoch, you’ll have to wait,” Julie pleaded. “Miss Robinson is in a meeting.” 
“It’s fine, Julie, thank you.” Maryann said, standing up and walking toward her visitor. “Louisa may stay.”
Maryann and Louisa had known each other for a long time. Louisa’s family was important, and her company was much larger than Maryann’s. But at the moment, Maryann was building a successful business, while Louisa was out on bail. Their circumstances had clearly been reversed.
“You did well today, Maryann,” Louisa said. There was no trace of sarcasm in her tone, and Maryann was surprised to see her looking so happy. 
“What do you mean?” Maryann asked.
“The way you got rid of all those protestors,” Louisa answered. “Honestly, you did me a huge favor. These self-righteous, greedy people have caused me enough problems. They should be locked up.”
Maryann was confused, and she wasn’t sure she could trust Louisa.
“Think about it, Maryann,” Louisa said. “Of course, we’re business rivals. But hasn’t the competition between us always been healthy—even when our fathers were in charge? When have I ever plotted against you?”
Maryann considered that carefully; Louisa had a point.
“If I had to guess who’s behind it, I’d say it’s your uncle,” she said, sighing. “Steven’s the one who’s so jealous of Robinson Winery. I guess you’re a victim, too. You probably had no idea what he was up to, did you?”
“No, I had no idea,” Louisa said. “My family has so many schemes that it’s hard to 
track what's
 going on. But I think most families are like that.” She shook her head. “I didn’t choose to be born into this family.” She bit her lip. The Murdoch family had gone through so much lately, and she knew they would never fully recover. Their days of prominence were over. 
For a moment, there was an awkward silence between them. She could tell Maryann didn’t quite trust her, but at least she didn’t seem to believe Louisa was the mastermind behind the plots against her. 
Her bright expression turned to one of sadness. With Michael dead, Melanie missing, and her father skipping town—not to mention the fact that she herself was just out on bail—it felt like the walls were closing in on the Murdoch family. She knew Steven was agitated, but she had no desire to muddy the waters any further. If the media were to get hold of any more trouble, it could bring down the whole business.
“May I sit down?” she asked, but as she walked toward the couch, she suddenly noticed Alex.
“You!” she gasped. Her eyes narrowed, and she looked at him with anger. “I shouldn’t be surprised. 
Of course
 you’d be involved in this.”
It was hard to believe she had once loved this man who was now such a bitter enemy. But after Michael’s death, her love had turned to hatred. Tears welled in her eyes. “All the harm you have caused my family, and here you are watching me defend myself against the Robinsons. You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“Cut the bullshit, Louisa,” Alex said in a bored tone. “You’re no innocent victim.” 
“I should finish you here and now,” she said, grabbing a bottle of champagne from the table. 
“Louisa, calm down!” Maryann shouted. “This is my office, and you’ll play by my rules. Alex is the largest shareholder of Robinson Winery, so he has every right to be here and to protect this company. Whatever grievances you may have, this is not the time or the place to sort them out.”
Her relationship with Louisa had always been cordial, even though they had been rivals. But now, if Louisa was Alex’s enemy, then she was also Maryann’s.
Louisa was surprised to hear Maryann speak with such authority. She stopped moving, but she didn’t put down the bottle.
Through all of this, Alex hadn’t moved from his spot on the couch. He simply sat there quietly, sipping from a glass of water.
“Alex, aren’t you going to apologize to me?” Louisa asked. Her expression had shifted from anger to sadness, and tears rolled down her cheeks.
Alex remained silent. It wasn’t his fault, so he had nothing to apologize for. The Murdoch family only had themselves to blame for their misfortune, and he had no time for Louisa’s drama.
Maryann felt uncomfortable because she knew Louisa was still upset over her brother’s death. But she was determined to do whatever it took to support Alex. 
“That’s enough, Louisa,” she said, pushing away her sympathy. “You can’t blame Alex for your family’s troubles. Let’s be professional about this. We need to let go of our differences and restore the healthy competition between our two companies. If we do that, then we can both prosper—as can the whole wine industry.”