In the past, sometimes one sect would try to poison members of another, so it was beneficial to have knowledge of toxins and antidotes. Alex had done a lot of research on medicinal herbs, so he was aware of many of their properties, and he realized that the five warriors of the Demon sect had just sprayed 
a 
mist of poison at him. 
He was a martial arts master, so he didn’t bother attempting to dodge it. As a student of medicine, he was intrigued by the mist, and he wanted to understand it better. If he could learn more about it, then it would aid him in his future research. So, instead of waving his hand and simply dispersing the gas, he summoned his inner power, allowing it to protect him. 
The five warriors saw Alex move slightly, and they were a little surprised that he hadn’t made more of an effort to avoid their toxin. But they didn’t stop their attack. Instead, they rushed at Alex, who didn’t even try to evade them. They clashed, fists and feet flying as they fought. 
Alex had used his inner power to seal off his pores, and everywhere else the gas might be able to enter his body, so he was safe from its effects. He wanted to see what skills the Demon sect possessed, assuming they would be impressive after thousands of years, so he didn’t want to rush this.
The five warriors seized his hands and feet, trying to immobilize him. Alex smiled, and then he began to turn around, spinning faster and faster. When he had built up enough speed, the five warriors were flung away from him, landing heavily on the ground.
Alex looked around, stunned to see Sawyer, who was frowning down at his sword. 
“My sword is filthy,” he complained. Then he shook his blade, sending power into it, and within moments, it was clean and shiny again. It looked like it had never been used.
Alex was filled with admiration for both Sawyer and his sword. Few people throughout history could have made such an exquisite weapon. It was both simple and effective, and Sawyer had killed many people with it.
Sawyer looked up at Alex and grinned. “Sorry to interrupt,” he said. “Do you mind if I join in?” 
It was clear to everyone that Alex and Sawyer knew each other, and they were annoyed at Sawyer’s intervention. 
One of the five warriors crawled along the ground, unwilling to give up despite his injuries. He kept trying to reach Alex, determined to take revenge.
“I’m not done with you!” he yelled. “Come back and fight me.”
Another warrior rushed over, shouting, “This doesn’t end until you’re dead!” His eyes burned with fury as he glared at Alex. 
Before he could reach Alex, Sawyer’s sword slashed out, instantly dispatching him. Another warrior ran forward and met with the same fate, dying instantly.
“Determined, aren’t they?” Sawyer said, his tone indifferent. 
He looked around at the remaining warriors, who gazed back at him apprehensively. They hadn’t expected Sawyer to be here, and they hadn’t realized he was so strong and unpredictable. Still, they had too much pride to give in now.
“Who the hell are you?” one of the warriors demanded, taking a step forward. “I want to know the name of the man I’m about to kill.”