“You don’t need to know my name.” Sawyer’s eyes were cold. “Not when you have no chance at getting revenge.”
The remaining warriors rushed him, but they were no match for his strength, and they were quickly overpowered.
Alex sighed, wishing he had known Sawyer in the past. Even though Sawyer had not fully recovered, he had already become incredibly strong, and Alex regretted not seeing him at his best.
In the twinkling of an eye, the Demon sect was defeated. Several of the men held guns, but they made no move to attack, too wary of their opponents.
If he returns to his prime, he’ll be able to kill people without even using his sword,
 Alex thought.
“Well, that’s awkward,” Bella said, getting out of the car. “I didn’t realize Sawyer was here. I hadn’t expected that.” She looked at Sawyer with a sad smile. “His power really is quite extraordinary.”
Sawyer and Bella had first met more than twenty years ago. At that time, she had been charming, and Sawyer had been very handsome. Since then, his appearance had changed. Although he was still strong and fierce, the years had been merciless. It seemed that they had both grown older.
Bella had always considered Sawyer to be the most important person in the world. “You and I have been friends for a long time,” she said to him. “So why are you protecting Alex? What’s the deal with you and him? Why are you harming my people?” She couldn’t understand the friendship between Alex and Sawyer. After all, Sawyer was an important man, and Alex’s casual appearance marked him as being quite ordinary. 
“Sawyer, answer me,” she demanded. “Set my mind at ease. Can’t you see the injustice here?”
“Bella, don’t you get it?” Sawyer asked, his eyes bright. “Do you want me to explain it to you? If you want to fight, then get on with it. Don’t just stand there and talk nonsense.”
Bella tightened her grip on her walking stick, and her inner power surged within her. 
“How about this?” Sawyer asked with a sneer. “After three moves, if you haven’t knocked me out, then I fight back.” His voice was filled with disdain, and he was clearly dismissing her martial arts skills. 
“You’re in a position of power at the Rumble Club,” Bella said, frowning. “And I don’t want to take them all on.” Then she scowled. “But you’re leaving me no choice.” 
Without waiting for an answer, she attacked. But Sawyer defended himself, and soon she was knocked to the ground, clutching her arm. Her face twisted with pain, but she made no sound.
She knew Sawyer well. If she didn’t yield, he might kill her, so she would have to beg for his forgiveness. If she offended him, it would be the end of the world, and Sawyer would not rest until he had revenge. That was the style of the Rumble Club, which had been responsible for many deaths over the years.
It wasn’t that the Demon sect wasn’t powerful; it was simply that Sawyer’s powers were on another level.
“You have broken my arm,” she said. “Please don’t hurt me anymore.” 
Sawyer’s expression softened slightly. “I’m glad you know your place,” he said. “There are some excellent fighters in the Demon sect, but it’s a shame you rely on them to protect you. Let me meet the real masters, and I’ll show them what I’m made of.” He paused before continuing. “Let’s meet in three days. Then, to show my respect for the Demon sect, I will fight ten of them at once.” 
Bella didn’t dare answer. She left in a hurry, and after a moment, Alex and Sawyer left too. Before long, the night was silent, as though nothing had happened.
On the way home, Bella’s teeth were tightly clenched with anger. When she arrived home, her broken arm was bandaged, and the pain was gradually receding. The Demon sect had its own healing medicine. It couldn’t compete with the Golden Health powder, but it was much more powerful than normal medicine.
When Bella explained what had happened, her family was upset and embarrassed.
“Ten on one! What could he be talking about?”
“An attack on Bella is an attack on the whole sect!”
“How can we stop this?”