“No, Sawyer, you were meant for greater things,” Alex said, glancing at him. “Your life has never been a normal one, and we don’t live in ordinary times.”
“You’re right,” Sawyer said, nodding. “Alex, I want to talk to you about something. I have a request to make.”
“Go ahead,” Alex said.
Sawyer put a hand on Alex’s shoulder. “I heard that Dr. 
Allbrook’s
 clinic belongs to you now, and I was hoping you would allow me to stay there with you. It’s not just about wanting to repay you for curing me; I’m so lonely in that hospital, and it would do me good to get out of there. Maybe I could spend a few days at your clinic and get some rest.”
Before Alex could answer, Sawyer rushed on. “My life has been different to yours, but we still have things in common, and I can be of use to you. Maybe you could find me a job there. I’m not proud; I’ll do anything you need. I could sweep floors, make tea and coffee, 
and provide
 security. Anything.” He held up a hand. “I’m not asking you to pay me. Just provide me with food and shelter, and I’ll be satisfied. I can stay as long as you need me to.”
Does he really intend to stay at the clinic to do chores?
 Alex wondered, stunned by Sawyer’s request.
After all, Sawyer had been the enforcer for the Rumble Club, and Alex was aware of the club’s status through his friendship with Clark Fairfax. The organization was incredibly powerful, and within it, Clark was an important man. But Sawyer’s position was even higher. 
Besides, Sawyer was also incredibly skilled. Alex had seen him fight several times, and he knew he was probably one of the top martial artists in the world. 
He stood there, too dazed to respond.
“Alex, am I not welcome?” Sawyer asked, smiling at him.
“Don’t be silly.” Alex shook his head, trying to clear it. “
Of course
 you are, but Sawyer, you’re a well-respected fighter, so why do you want to live in my clinic? You’re better than that, and I don’t understand—”
“Ah, but you’ve forgotten,” Sawyer interrupted him. “I’ve been lying in a hospital bed for twenty years, so I’m used to a quieter life now. Your clinic will suit me just fine.” 
He took a deep breath, seeming to enjoy the fresh air.
“So, will you let me stay at your clinic?” he asked, turning to look at Alex. “You’re not the only one with enemies. Are you worried that I’ll bring trouble to your clinic? Is that why you don’t want me there? If that’s the case, then just say so, and I won’t mention it again.” 
“No, I’m really lucky to have you around,” Alex said, stretching out his hand. “You can stay at my clinic for as long as you like. I was just worried that you won’t like working there, but if you want to give it a try, then let’s do this.” 
Sawyer shook hands with him. “Then it’s settled,” he said.
Later that morning, they arrived at the Woodside Clinic, and Alex introduced Sawyer to Kendall, Sophie, and the other doctors. Then Alex asked Sawyer to fill the prescriptions.
Sawyer had spent a lot of time in hospitals before Alex had cured him. He was also an experienced martial artist, so he was familiar with different medicines.
So, within a few hours, he had gotten into the swing of things and was enthusiastically carrying out his new job.
In the Rumble Club, Sawyer had devoted his life to dealing in death. Now that he was working in the healthcare business, he was equally dedicated to preserving life.
Alex was relieved to see Sawyer fitting in so well with the other staff members, and his previous unease melted away. He was thrilled to have someone like Sawyer on board. 
With Sawyer there to provide security, Alex dismissed the extra guard he had previously posted outside the clinic. Sawyer would be able to deal with most threats by himself.
At noon, Alex invited Sawyer to eat with him, but Sawyer refused.
“Hey, don’t treat me any differently,” he said, smiling. “I’ll grab something when I get a chance. You don’t have to worry about me.”
Alex was glad to see Sawyer doing so well. He was a model employee, and he worked hard. 
Everyone seemed happy to have him there. 
Sawyer had traveled all over the country when he had been young, and he had learned to get along with most people. His social skills were excellent, and he was highly adaptable.
In the afternoon, they only had a handful of patients, so Alex decided the others could handle it. He found a quiet room and sat down to study for the next round of the Top Doctor competition.
Moments later, he heard a noise coming from outside.
When he looked out the window, he spotted a man stepping out of a fancy car. The man was carrying a gift box as he walked toward the clinic.
Curious, Alex left the room and went to meet his visitor. 
He discreetly checked the man out and found him to be fit and healthy. Clearly, he hadn’t come here for medical assistance.
“Who is Dr. Ambrose?” the man asked, looking around. “I’d like to speak to him.” His tone was respectful, and he smiled politely at everyone. 
“Who are you?” Alex asked, stepping forward. 
“Oh, I’m Bella’s uncle, Cam Fitzroy,” he said. “I know that Bella offended you the other day, and she wishes to make amends. She has sent you this gift to show you how sincere she is.”
He put the gift box on the table. “Please accept this.”
Through the transparent box, Alex could see several Pacific orchids, and he could tell they were of exceptional quality. They were a rare subspecies that could cure disease, and sometimes people visited the Moon Palace in the Appalachian Mountains, hoping the Moon Maidens would be able to treat them with these orchids.
Alex was tempted, but Sawyer’s expression indicated that he was suspicious. Considering Bella’s poor behavior, Alex had to admit that he wasn’t convinced anyone from the Demon sect could be trusted, no matter how cordial Cam seemed.
He narrowed his eyes as he looked at Cam. The man must be older than Bella, but he appeared to be more than ten years younger than her. Alex knew that was the result of 
practicing martial arts.
“Bella 
was
 rude that day,” Alex said. “But it was no big deal. There is no need for such a valuable gift.” He shrugged. “If there’s anything else you want to say, then do so. We can just skip the pleasantries.”
“Ah, you’re such a direct young man,” Cam said, smiling warmly. “I like that.”