Sawyer had said that he would visit the Demon sect within the next three days. Alex knew it would result in fighting, so he wasn’t interested in speaking with Cam, but he was being polite, anyway.
“Alex, I came here to apologize for Bella’s rudeness,” Cam said. “I’ve spoiled her since she was a child, and now she has acted recklessly. I’ve spoken to her and explained the error of her ways.” He gestured to the flowers. “I wanted to express my regret by giving you these Pacific orchids. They are still fresh and vibrant, so I thought they may be of some use to you.”
He smiled. “I also heard that you’re a miracle doctor. I’ve had some problems with my health recently, and although there are doctors in the Demon sect, they can’t seem to figure out what’s wrong with me. Perhaps you might have better luck.” 
Alex glanced at Sawyer, who didn’t seem to be convinced.
Sawyer had broken Bella’s arm and defeated five of the sect’s top warriors. He was familiar with Cam and his family, and he knew that they had a mean streak. Cam’s apology was completely out of character, and it didn’t make sense.
Alex thought for a moment, and then he smiled at Cam and said, “The Demon sect attacked me. That’s a fact. You don't have to apologize, but I haven’t decided if I’m willing to forgive you yet. After all, if I allow people to treat me badly, then no one will take me seriously.” He spread his hands. “And then that will only encourage others to do the same. Obviously, I can’t allow that. Besides, it’s not just my decision. It involves Sawyer, too, so we would have to be in agreement.”
He looked over at Sawyer, who gave him a look of apathy and shook his head. 
Turning back to Cam, he said, “I’m afraid he’s not in the right frame of mind to negotiate with you right now, so it’s solely up to me.”
He gestured at the flowers. “Take those back. I don’t need them,” he said, his tone cool.
“I really want to get rid of any hostility between us and restore the peace,” Cam said. He gave a small laugh. “There may always be some friction between us, but I’m sure we can all agree that harmony is the most important thing.”
He made no move to pick up the flowers.
“I’m friends with Dr. 
Allbrook
,” he said. “So, I don’t want any trouble between us. If you doubt my sincerity, then you can ask anything you want of me,” he said. “What can I do to make you happy? Just name it.”
As an elder of the Demon sect, he hoped his humility would persuade Alex that he meant what he said, but Alex wasn’t buying it.
“You’ll need to come back and speak to Sawyer another time,” Alex said. “He has the final say.” He sighed. “But you’ve come all this way, and you did say you needed to consult a doctor, so let’s see what I can do.”
“Doesn’t Sawyer have time to see me now?” Cam asked, eager to get this over with. But he could see that Alex was getting impatient, so he decided not to push it. He would wait for another opportunity to resolve the matter.
“He can’t see you right now,” Alex repeated.
Sawyer turned and left, heading for the room Alex had given him.
Alex reached out and took Cam’s wrist to feel his pulse, realizing that Cam was in good health, and stronger than his fifty-year-old appearance would suggest.
Cam remained calm and smiled at him like they were old friends. He knew he didn’t really need a doctor. It had been an excuse to check out Alex and see what kind of man he was. 
When they were finished, Cam showed Alex some of his martial arts moves, and Alex could tell that he was a master.
“So, how am I?” Cam asked.
“You’re older than Bella,” Alex said, shrugging, “but you must be ten times better than she is. It’s just that…” he trailed off.
“Just what?” Cam’s interest was piqued. 
“It’s just that you seem to be quite angry and worried,” Alex said. “
So
 I think you might benefit from one of my special sedatives.” He looked at Cam earnestly, noticing that his face was becoming red, and he was concerned about his blood pressure.
Cam was about to get up to leave when Alex said, “Don’t move.” 
Cam sat down, thinking, 
Your
 medical skills are great, but I’m not that impressed
. 
“Your body is impressive, Cam,” Alex said. “But there is one problem. You were once stabbed in the abdomen with a sharp sword, and your muscles and veins were seriously damaged. You thought that it had 
completely
 healed and that there’s only a scar left, but it hasn’t fully healed. I’ve seen a lot of similar cases, especially with veterans who’ve been injured in wars.”
He had Cam’s full attention now.
“When you’re a master,” Alex continued, “this kind of injury doesn’t typically last long, but there’s an added complication in this case, and the problem will persist.”