The doctor pushed the trolley at the Ghosts, knocking them backward. Then, after kicking open the door to Gabriel’s room, he rushed inside. Stalking over to the bed, he took a dagger out of his pocket and swiftly brought it down.
There was only a faint sound from Gabriel, who only briefly lifted his head before all movement ceased.
The doctor dashed out of the room and ran past the Ghosts, who were still dragging themselves to their feet. On spotting the doctor, they roared as they moved to surround him. 
The doctor pulled out a dagger, and the Ghosts brandished their swords, and before long, they found themselves in a fight. Within moments, three of the Ghosts were injured, but the doctor also sustained an injury. His mask was pulled off by the tip of a sword and fell to the floor, revealing his face.
“Alex!” roared one of the Ghosts.
The rest of the Ghosts also recognized the man as Alex, their sworn enemy.
The man didn’t respond. He pulled out a gun and shot at the light switches, plunging everyone into darkness.
The Ghosts instinctively ducked down as the man fired bullets to stop them from attacking. And, as he was shooting, he retreated to the corridor and stopped by a window.
He stretched out his left hand and grabbed onto a rope that was tied to a pole. Then he stepped onto the windowsill and pushed himself out while holding onto the rope. With one movement, he swung across to the other side.
The Ghosts yelled as they ran to the window. Drawing their own guns, they started to shoot at the man they thought was Alex, but although they were swift, the dim lights in the corridor made them unable to see their target, so they missed him.
They dashed forward, intending to cut the rope, but by the time they had done so, the man had disappeared.
The Ghosts were furious and cursed him as they ran into Gabriel’s room.
They turned the lights on and saw Gabriel lying on the bed. As soon as they saw his blanket soaked in blood, they knew that he was gone.
The Ghosts froze, and an unspeakable fear spread among them.
“Announce Gabriel’s death,” said one of the Ghosts in a somber tone.
That night, the Ghosts didn’t get any sleep. First, Jacob Randolph had been killed, and now Gabriel had been killed.
Meanwhile, the man who had killed Gabriel made his way out of the hospital without attracting any attention. He walked to the back of the building and climbed over the wall. 
But when he jumped down on the other side, he was stunned to see what awaited him.
Alex stood in front of him, his eyebrow raised. “Good evening to me,” he said mockingly.
The man’s eyes widened with surprise. “Alex, it’s you,” he said nervously. He hadn’t realized that the man he had seen inside the elevator was the very person he would be impersonating.
Alex pulled out a knife. “You didn’t expect that, did you?” he asked. Then he burst into laughter. “And I didn’t expect to bump into myself, so I guess we both got a surprise.”
The man glared at Alex and said, “You’re no match for me, so you’d better move out of my way.”
Alex’s expression was indifferent. “I don’t care whether Gabriel is dead or alive,” he said, shrugging. “But I won’t take the blame for someone else.”
When Alex had rushed to the fifth floor, he had heard someone yelling about Gabriel’s death, and he had 
guessed that someone was trying to take advantage of his recent altercation with the man. It was obvious that someone wanted to kill Gabriel and then blame it on Alex so that the Ghosts could deal with him.
But Alex didn’t care about making enemies. He had already killed Jacob, the leader of the Ghosts, and Gabriel was nothing compared to him.
“Who do you think you are?” asked the man, taking out his dagger. “I’m not afraid of you.”
“Very well,” replied Alex. “I’ll play you at your own game.” He raised his knife, prepared to fight, and then he charged at the man.
The imposter was taken aback and thought, 
Not only does he move fast, but his knife moves even faster.
Although Alex had learned about fighting with blades in his martial arts training, he rarely had an opportunity to practice it, so he intended to take full advantage of this opportunity.
He wanted to find out the man’s identity, so he didn’t want to kill him; he needed him alive.
The man glared at Alex and yelled as he charged at him. He clenched his dagger and wielded it vigorously.
He tried his best to dodge Alex’s attack, but Alex was relentless.
Both sides fought hard. 
After the man successively dodged 
Alex’s knife, he raised his dagger, lunging at Alex.
Alex retreated a few steps to avoid the attack. Then he rushed forward and used his martial arts on the man, who was taken by surprise. 
He quickly took a step back and looked 
at his dagger in disbelief
. It had been cut in half, and he realized he was bleeding.
Then Alex struck again.
The man’s 
face contorted as he pulled out another dagger. The two weapons collided, and then with a crisp sound, the dagger cracked, and the man felt a sharp pain.
He was stunned. 
How could a small knife break two daggers in half?
 he wondered.
What’s more, the knife Alex was wielding was still in perfect condition.
The man moved quickly and tried his best to avoid the knife, but he wasn’t fast enough, and it struck his shoulder. 
He groaned in pain as Alex threw him against the wall. Every part of him hurt, but he picked himself up again.
Alex didn’t stop there. He pulled his left hand back and punched the man, wanting to put an end to his tricks.
The man yelped and put his arms out in front of him. He had been defeated and could no longer continue to fight, but Alex grabbed his arm and hauled him closer, grabbing him by the neck.
“Who are you?” Alex demanded. “
A puppet of the 
Demon sect?”
The man quickly took a small pill out of his pocket and put it into his mouth. But Alex, realizing that it was a poison pill, slapped him and knocked the pill out of his mouth.
The man 
closed his eyes and didn’t make a sound. 
If he could have swallowed the pill, he would have avoided having to reveal his identity. But now, he would have to confront Alex.
“Why don’t you just kill me?” he asked defiantly.
Alex shook his 
head. “Don’t provoke me, or I might do just that.”
The man held his head up, determined to die with dignity.