Alex pulled off the man’s mask and looked at the scar on his left cheek. “I have many ways to make you speak,” he said.
The man stared at him, his lip curling with contempt. He was specially trained, so it would be more difficult for Alex to make him speak than to kill him. 
“I’m a good man, and I don’t like to torture people,” said Alex, gently patting the man on his face. “
So
 I hope you don’t test my patience.”
**
Cam held up a sonogram image of his abdomen and examined it carefully. 
After leaving Woodside Clinic that day, he had gone to the hospital to have an ultrasound scan done, and he had been told that there was slight swelling around his abdominal wound, although it couldn’t be seen with the naked eye.
He frowned. He wanted Alex to treat his wound once and for all, but he didn’t trust Alex not to kill him. At the same time, he was afraid that Alex’s prediction would come true if he didn’t get treatment soon.
Dr. Lewis Hall, the best doctor within the Demon sect, was now examining him.
Lewis had become famous in the medical field thirty years ago. Now his medical skills were unmatched, both within the Demon sect and outside it.
After examining Cam, Lewis frowned. “It seems like your wound 
is
 a little swollen, but I can’t be certain,” he said. “Perhaps Alex might be right.”
Cam trembled as he recalled what Alex had told him.
Just as he was starting to get agitated, Lachlan hurried into the room with a happy expression on his face. “We’ve done it!” he exclaimed. “It’s been reported that Alex killed Gabriel.”
“Are you sure that Gabriel is dead?” Cam asked slowly.
Lachlan nodded confidently and said, “Yes. The hospital has confirmed that he was killed in his bed. The police also confirmed that Gabriel was dead, and they’re going to question Alex in relation to his murder.”
Lachlan took out his phone and brought up some photos. “See, I even have photos of Gabriel’s body.”
Cam glanced at it, and then he nodded with satisfaction. “It’s good that he’s dead,” he said. 
“So, what’s the Ghosts’ reaction?”
“They’re raging!” replied Lachlan. “And they’re calling for revenge. If the police hadn’t held them back, then they would have rushed to the Woodside Clinic to attack Alex.”
He smirked. “The Ghosts have also received news that Gabriel’s father, Orrin, is absolutely furious and is coming to deal with Alex tomorrow morning. Orrin is not only good at administering drugs, but he’s also a qualified doctor, so if he takes on Alex, then Alex won’t have a chance.”
He knew Alex was a powerful man, but he believed that Orrin could defeat him. 
Cam nodded, and his eyes flashed. “Use your relationship with the authorities to make it easier for Orrin to get to Alex,” he said. “Of course, the news of Sawyer’s recovery shouldn’t be revealed. It would be better not to worry the Ghosts.”
Lachlan nodded. “Okay. Leave it to me,” he said reassuringly.
Then Cam asked in a low voice, “Can the killer be trusted?”
“Don’t worry,” replied Lachlan. “I sent one of the top members of the Demon sect, Ricky Stan. Not only is he confident, but he’s also very reliable.”
He smiled and then said, “I would have promoted him to a higher position if he was older. Since I’m one of the elders of the Demon sect, I’ll have to guide him for the next few years.” 
He looked at Cam with concern. “Since Orrin will be dealing with Alex, and we all know how powerful Alex is, we should all be on our guard from now on.”
Then he stood up and bid farewell to his brother. As he was leaving, he stopped in his tracks with a troubled expression as he thought, 
Gabriel has been dead for a while, but I haven’t heard from Ricky yet.
**
After the altercation with Ricky, Alex had tied him up and dragged him away. Instead of going to the clinic, Alex went to the Fairfax compound. 
After Alex had rescued her, Melanie Murdoch had been recovering at the villa. To avoid being hunted down, she usually stayed indoors and didn’t go out much.
There was no one else present in the villa. Ever since Alex had started living there, Clark hardly went there unless there was some important matter he had to deal with.
Alex handed Ricky over to Melanie and asked her to interrogate him and find out his identity.
Then he called Timothy and told him everything that had happened. He asked him to delay the investigation and make sure the police didn’t trouble him for a few days.
He needed a little time to gather his evidence, and he was also taking part in the Top Doctor Competition the following day.
Timothy promised to try to delay the investigation as much as possible so that Alex could take care of business.
Reassured, Alex went back to the clinic to get some sleep. He also warned Sawyer that they should be careful in the following days.
The next morning, Alex woke up early to practice, and then he made his way to the Top Doctor competition.
At the entrance of the examination building, Alex saw Wayne Shannon.
“Alex, it’s so nice to see you again,” said Wayne. He shook Alex’s hand and smiled. “We have a lot of skilled contestants today, but I’m optimistic about your chances.”
It was clear that he admired Alex.
“Thanks, Wayne,” replied Alex. “I’ll try.”
“Yes, just do your best,” said Wayne. He loved to see talented people succeed. “I’m expecting you to take back the title of Top Doctor for Baltimore. We haven’t won the competition in years. Instead, it has been won by doctors from cities in the south. It would be a shame if a doctor from Baltimore didn’t win this year.”
He patted Alex on the shoulder and said, “But with you here this year, I have hope.”
Alex nodded and promised to do his best, and then he walked into the examination hall. 
Not far away, several contestants saw Wayne and Alex’s friendly exchange and were a bit surprised. 
They didn’t usually see Wayne showing so much respect to someone so young.
This year’s Top Doctor competition was very simple. Each contestant would have to diagnose and suggest a treatment plan for ten randomly selected patients.
Wayne and his team would then re-examine those patients and compare their diagnoses and treatment plans to those of the competitors.
Each participant would then be ranked from high to low according to their scores, and the top ten would go through to the finals, which would be held in two weeks. 
This hall could hold more than a thousand people, and there were a hundred tables set up, on which all kinds of medical equipment were placed.
The contestants came in one after another and sat down at their designated tables.
Alex sat down at table fourteen.
He looked up at the two cameras above him, and then he glanced at Melissa, who was sitting at table thirteen.