Melissa couldn’t understand it. 
How did Alex suddenly become so popular?
 she wondered. 
He stood first in the theory examination and in the clinical assessment. It’s as if he had done this before.
She started to feel very uneasy. Then she remembered what she had seen before the competition had begun—Wayne and Alex having a friendly exchange.
Melissa concluded that Alex must have bribed Wayne to let him win the competition. Now she felt justified in challenging Alex. 
 “Come on, Melissa. Let’s go,” said one of the other contestants. “Wayne wants to put Alex on a pedestal. 
So
 we obviously can’t match up to him.”
She looked at Alex with disdain and remarked, “What some people would do for a little fame and wealth!”
“They think we can’t see what’s going on,” said Melissa. She sneered at Alex and 
turned around to leave.
“Stop!” said Alex. “What do you mean by that? What’s going on?”
Melissa was furious. “Do you think we don’t know what you did?” she yelled. “Maybe you have no principles, but we do.”
Their argument attracted everyone’s attention, and some of the other 
contestants came to see what was happening.
“Melissa, if you have something to say, then say it clearly,” said Mr. Franks, approaching.
Since the competition had begun, Mr. Franks and Alex hadn’t spoken. They had just politely nodded to each other from afar. But now that Alex was closer to him, he recognized him, and he remembered him as an honest and respectful man.
“Mr. Franks, do you really not know what I’m talking about?” asked Melissa.
She gave him an indignant look. “We’re not fools,” she said. “Do you think we can’t see what’s going on? The board has let Alex cheat in this competition. If we speak up about it, the board’s reputation will be ruined.”
Everyone gasped and looked at Mr. Franks and Alex in surprise. 
Mr. Franks’ expression grew hard. “Melissa, you must tell us exactly what you mean,” he said. “If the medical board has cheated, then where’s your evidence? If you can’t provide any, your claims will be considered as slander.”
“How is it slander?” she asked, folding her arms. “Alex got full marks in the theory examination, and everyone was surprised. For the practical test today, he came first again. So, he got the diagnoses of all ten patients correct and suggested the most effective treatment for each patient. Are we supposed to believe that?”
She shook her head. “We’ve 
all
 made mistakes, and our treatment plans were not perfect. Alex didn’t go to medical school and has no medical background, so how could he have gotten it all right while we couldn’t?”
She snickered. “It’s understandable that Alex got full marks for the theory exam since it relies on factual knowledge and rote memorization,” she continued. “But carrying out clinical assessments requires medical skills and training. So how can a novice do it correctly for ten patients in a row?” She raised an eyebrow. “Would you be able to do that, Mr. Franks?” 
Mr. Franks’ face fell. “I don’t think I would be able to do it,” he replied. “But that doesn’t mean that Alex can’t.”
“Come on,” said Melissa impatiently. “A year ago, Alex hadn’t treated a single person, and now he’s become a top doctor! Does that sound likely to you? There’s only one explanation for it. The medical board wants him to be known as the best doctor in order 
to build their reputation and make Baltimore popular.”
She glared at Alex and said, “I look down on people like you who cheat their way to become something they’re not.”
The other contestants also looked down their noses at Alex and believed that Wayne had allowed him to cheat.
They started discussing it amongst themselves.
“So, it was all arranged by Mr. Shannon and his team. It’s no wonder that Alex was able to 
rank 
first in the theory exam and also in the clinical 
diagnosis
 test.”
“Yes, it can’t be a coincidence that he has 
ranked 
first in both tests. He most likely has cheated.”
“In that case, it seems that Dr. Wilkinson was right to want him kicked out.”
“
D
r. Shannon was very harsh with Dr. Wilkinson, and now we know why. He was colluding with Alex all the while!” 
Everyone thought something suspicious was going on. It was easier to believe that than to accept Alex had won both tests fair and square.
Alex simply smiled. 
Melissa is determined to cause trouble,
 he thought.
“This is nonsense!” Alex said. “The organizers haven’t done anything wrong. It’s just your malicious speculation.”
Mr. Franks was very upset too. “Melissa, you’re accusing the board of foul play, but you don’t have any proof,” he said.
“No, I don’t have any evidence,” Melissa replied. “But I can prove to everyone that Alex is a fraud.” She looked at Alex provocatively. “Alex, I want you to compete against me. If you fail the challenge, then you’ll be thrown out of the competition, and you won’t be allowed to practice medicine in the future.”
Several contestants looked at Alex. One asked, “Do you agree to 
the challenge
?”
This was a battle to protect his honor and that of the medical board. 
If he failed it, he would lose his reputation as a doctor.
“Of course. I’m in,” replied Alex confidently.
Without waiting for Mr. Franks to speak, Alex looked at Melissa and said, “But if you lose, in addition to apologizing to Mr. Franks, you’ll have to leave the competition, and you won’t be able to practice medicine anymore. Do 
you 
agree to those terms?”
He wanted to play her at her own game.
Melissa raised her head and nodded. “Okay, it’s a deal,” she said. “Everyone will witness it.”
She didn’t think that she was any less capable than Alex.
Now that they had reached an agreement, the other contestants chose a patient for them.
Since treatment was free that day, many patients with complicated 
illnesses had attended. After a few moments, a
 man in a wheelchair was pushed in. He was in his forties, and he was short of breath and shivering.
Everyone noticed that he was elegant and well-dressed, and he seemed to come from a wealthy family. Although he was in bad condition, he nodded politely at everyone.
Alex stepped forward and pushed the man’s wheelchair toward Melissa. “Melissa, you can go first,” he said.
According to the rules of the competition, Alex put in earplugs to avoid hearing Melissa’s diagnosis. 
Melissa was calm. She put her hand on the man’s wrist to feel his pulse, and then she asked him lots of questions about his health.
Then she picked up a pen and a piece of paper and began to take notes.