“Julie, I’m not finished yet,” Riley said. “I need you to do something else for me.”
Julie’s expression turned stony. “You promised you would hand over the money once you had the recipe,” she said. “What else do you want from me? Are you going back on your word?”
“Not at all,” Riley insisted. “Don’t get me wrong. Look, I’ll give you the million we agreed on and add another two hundred thousand. It’s a lot of money. You can trust me, Julie. Where else are you going to get a payday as big as this one?” He gritted his teeth, determined to win her over.
“The secret recipe is just the beginning,” he continued. “I want to see if Alex or anybody else is actually producing this medicine. I want you to ask around and find out everything you can. There could be all kinds of problems to uncover. That’s why I’ve delayed paying you until now.”
Julie thought for a moment, and a trace of desire flashed across her face. “I believe you this time,” she said. “Transfer the million we agreed on, and I’ll agree to continue working for you.”
After that, they shook hands and Julie left. Riley waved his hand in the air, and a young man came into the room. “Yes, sir?” he said.
“Get me Norman Fuller,” Riley ordered.
After about fifteen minutes, Norman arrived and said, “You wanted to see me, sir?” 
Norman had worked for the Naysmith family for more than twenty years and was incredibly loyal. Riley trusted him completely and always gave him the most important jobs.
“Find someone to make this recipe,” he said, handing over the paper. “Remember, keep it absolutely confidential. Let’s see if we can make our own Golden Health powder. The sample must be produced as soon as possible. If it’s of a higher quality than our own healing powder, then you will immediately apply to register the brand and cut off Alex’s chance to produce it.” He smirked. “If we register it successfully, then when Alex puts his product on the market, we can sue him for everything he’s got. What Alex has done to 
me,
 I’ll repay with interest.”
Norman smiled and said, “After winning the lawsuit, we can use the publicity to start aggressively promoting the product. Our sales will be huge. Don’t worry, sir. I’ll take care of everything.”
He took a photograph of the recipe and burned the original. With the physical evidence destroyed, Alex wouldn’t be able to prove anything.
Norman was a very careful person, so Riley knew he would be meticulous in his approach to the job. 
“When I have mastered this medicine,” Riley said, “I’ll drive Alex out of Baltimore and force him 
to pay
 a heavy price for insulting me. He’ll be ruined.”
Riley scowled, thinking of the day Alex had caused his pants to fall off and had cut his palm. 
“Don’t worry, sir,” Norman said. “We’ll make him pay double.”
“By the way, what’s Alex doing now?” Riley asked, feeling more cheerful already. “He was with Maryann in the hospital, wasn’t he?”
“Alex isn’t in the hospital, sir,” Norman said. He had been in charge of monitoring Alex over the past few days. “He went to participate in the Top Doctor Competition. The latest news is that he has made it through to the next stage.”
“The Top Doctor Competition?” Riley asked in surprise. “How did he end up there?”
“He’s nothing but a half-baked doctor,” Norman said. “
So
 he took part in the Top Doctor Competition to try to earn some money and to make a name for himself. If he wins the competition, then his status in the medical world will be significantly improved.” 
Riley crossed his arms and sighed. “I’m not worried,” he said. “But he seems to be involved in everything. It looks like he’s determined to build a permanent foundation in Baltimore.”
“He’s certainly aiming high,” Norman said. “It’s a pity that he’s so naïve. He already has too many enemies, so he’ll be finished sooner or later.”
“Yes,” said Riley. “He’s seen the bright lights of Baltimore, but he’s basically just a poor kid from the wrong side of the tracks. How does he think 
he is going
 to take over the world?”
Norman shrugged. “You’re right. The upper echelons of society rely on inside information and networking with an exclusive group of people. No matter how powerful he is, Alex’s opportunities will be very limited. It isn’t easy to just squeeze in at the top, but he just doesn’t get it. The Thorntons will never accept him.”
Riley nodded in agreement.
“Oh,” Norman said. “And he killed Gabriel Ramsden last night. Someone in the police is protecting him, but the Ghosts and the Thorntons are no pushovers. He’s in a very dangerous situation now, but he still doesn’t know it. He’s too busy dreaming of being a famous doctor.”
“Alex killed Gabriel?” Riley asked, his mouth hanging open.
“Yes, sir,” Norman said. “He was killed in the hospital last night. Alex escaped afterward, but several people have already confirmed that he did it. Now, Gabriel’s father, Orrin, has arrived in Baltimore, accompanied by another son and a daughter, Beau and Beth.”
Norman lowered his voice and said, “Sir, what should we do?”
“Well,” Riley said. “Maryann’s got nothing to do with this matter, but the Ghosts might take her to threaten Alex, and that will end badly.” 
Norman laughed and said, “Okay, sir. I’ll warn them.”
**
While Riley was thinking about how to stir up trouble, Alex arrived at the hospital to see Maryann, bringing her another thermos of soup. He was a little worried about how the situation was developing.
Sure enough, after walking up to her floor, his nose twitched, and he smelled something that seemed completely out of place in a conventional hospital atmosphere. It was a very subtle scent that most people wouldn’t even have noticed.
It was the smell of cherry blossoms, and it seemed to be following him around. His expression didn’t change, but he quietly sent a message, and then he headed to Maryann’s ward.