There were two of Maryann’s security guards standing on either side of the door when Alex went in. He nodded to them and made his way to her hospital bed.
Her condition seemed to be much better, and she wasn’t in as much pain. As Alex approached, she was doing fitness exercises.
“I thought you had a sprained ankle,” he said. “Why are you doing those exercises? You’re going to hurt yourself.”
Maryann stopped what she was doing, tied up her hair, and went to sit down on the edge of the bed.
“I’ve been lying down for too long,” she complained. “I needed to move about a little. Anyway, I’m fine. You don’t have to worry about me.”
“Here, have some soup,” Alex said, setting a thermos on the table. “Even if you don’t like it, I expect you to eat it. It’s good for you.”
Maryann looked pleased. “Oh, thank you, Alex,” she said. “I can’t believe you brought soup for me again. I’m flattered.” 
She wiped her hands clean with a wet tissue and then sniffed at the soup. “What is it?” she asked. “It smells amazing. Just as good as the broth you left before. I’m sure it must be equally delicious. Even if it was bitter medicine, I would finish it all. You’re so kind.”
Alex found a chair, sat down, and said, “It’s vegetable soup, but it does contain a special herbal medicine that I brewed. Try it. It will treat your injury.”
“Herbal medicine?” Maryann asked, frowning at him. 
“Yes,” Alex said. “Why else would I have made you soup? It’s not like we’re dating or anything. We’re in a business partnership now, and this has nothing to do with personal feelings. Do you understand?”
Maryann pouted and said, “My hand hurts, okay? I can’t really pick it up.” 
“What are you talking about?” Alex said. “Didn’t I just see you exercising? So why can’t you feed yourself?” 
Maryann’s face turned red, and she muttered something to herself he couldn’t catch. 
“Just try it,” he said. He opened the lid of the thermos mug and handed her the soup. 
Maryann took it and started to eat. She was happy to drink the soup made by the man she adored.
She had thought it would be bitter and astringent, but after a sip, her eyes brightened, and she began to eat faster. After a few mouthfuls, she was reluctant to give up. The more she drank, the more animated she became. 
Alex looked at her intoxicated appearance and said impatiently, “You don’t have to finish it all now. How is Julie’s sister?”
“Oh, Alex,” she said excitedly. “You would make such an excellent chef.”
“Don’t exaggerate,” Alex replied, rolling his eyes. “Answer the question.”
“She’s out of danger,” she explained. “But she hasn’t woken up yet. Her condition is still relatively serious, but the doctor said that she should wake up tomorrow. As for any lasting problems, they can’t say yet. The doctor found some problems with her lungs, but you saved her life by getting her out of the building. When she wakes up, I’ll make sure she thanks you.”
“That’s not necessary,” Alex said, waving it away. “I wasn’t trying to save her. I was saving the company. We can’t let it fail before we’ve made a profit.”
Maryann’s eyes shone with tenderness as she reached out and grabbed Alex’s hand. “Alex, let’s be together,” she said. “I love you so much. Give me a chance.”
For a second, Alex stared at her, but then he laughed and said, “Give it a rest, Maryann. It’s never going to happen between us. I felt sorry for you at first, but we’ve had this conversation too many times. We will have a business relationship, or we won’t have a relationship at all. Once the Golden Health powder is ready, if you still haven’t put this idea behind you, I’ll consider letting my girlfriend join the business so that we can avoid any more conflict. Understand?”
Maryann smiled. “It’s okay,” she said. “I understand. Your girlfriend must be very beautiful, but I can’t see how anyone could be good enough for you.”
She was still smiling, but it contained a hint of sadness. She was a woman of class, but she was still not as good as Alex’s sweetheart.
Alex was a little surprised by her attitude and said, “I’d better go. I’ll see you another day.”
“Okay,” Maryann said.
She felt that Alex had saved her life, and that wasn’t something that she could just let go of. “By the way,” she said. “The secret recipe for the Golden Health powder was in the Research and Development center, and I didn’t take it out in time.”
She had some more soup and sighed contentedly. “Now it’s a pile of ashes,” she said. “And I didn’t have a picture of it on my phone.”
Alex then sent a picture of the recipe to Maryann and said, “Having a paper-based recipe isn’t a problem. The issue is whether we can develop the powder quickly enough. But don’t worry. I’ll get Julie to find us a new place today.”
Maryann nodded. “In a week at most, business will have returned to normal. I guarantee that the first batch of samples will be made in twenty days.”
The door opened, and a female doctor appeared.
One of the guards stopped her and asked, “Who are you?” 
Alex frowned, noticing that odd smell again. 
“I’m the patient’s family doctor,” the woman said. “Please go and see the attending doctor immediately. He has an update on Maryann’s condition.”
Alex got up and said, “Okay, I’ll go. Where is the attending doctor?”
He followed the female doctor out and was led down the corridor. Finally, she turned and said, “The doctor is in the last room at the end. Go quickly. He’s waiting for you. If you can’t find him, then ask a nurse.”
“Okay,” Alex said. He followed the doctor’s directions and went through a pair of doors. 
Once Alex had gone, the doctor turned back to Maryann’s ward. As she opened the door, the same guard challenged her. “Doctor,” he said. “What else can I do for you?”
The doctor didn’t speak. She raised her right hand and blew powder into the faces of the two men.