“Before you showed up, I knew you were watching me,” Alex explained. “That’s not the first time I’ve smelled the signature scent of the Ghosts. I sent a message to Celeste when I came in, even though I still wasn’t a hundred percent sure what was going on. But, after that, you came to the door, and your scent gave you away instantly. So, of course I was suspicious.”
He shook his head. “So don’t make yourself out to be so perfect. Your plan was flawed from the very start. Didn’t you notice that when you approached Maryann, she wasn’t the slightest bit panicked? I’d already given her a sign when I went out, and she knew something was going on. When I pulled you out to ask you where the doctor was, Celeste snuck in and hid right under your nose.”
“How could you know the scent of the Ghosts?” Beth asked in surprise. “It’s almost undetectable, and it takes years to master. Those who know it are either Ghosts themselves, or th
ose 
about to be killed by Ghosts. Where did you smell it before?”
“I heard the Ramsdens were a family of Ghosts,” Alex said playfully. “Have you never heard of me? That’s strange. I mean, I know you guys are secretive, but honestly, if you don’t know who I am and what I’m capable of, then you’re not just secretive. You’re also timid and blind!”
He rolled his eyes. “Look, I know the fragrance has been implanted into your blood. I can smell you wherever I go. And I know you use it to recognize each other so that you won’t be hurt by mistake, and so that you can easily find your colleagues. It’s an elegant strategy for a group of assassins.”
“It’s a miracle that you can smell it, because no one else can,” Beth said incredulously.
Celeste was also curious. She had known Kendall had once been a Ghost assassin, but she had never noticed any particular smell coming from her.
Even more confusing was that Alex had killed Jacob, the leader of the Ghosts, and yet Beth seemed to have no idea about that.
There could only be one explanation. The Ghosts must have blocked all the news. By saying that Jacob died of natural causes, they would be able to save face. But at the top of the organization, there was surely a growing hatred of Alex, and they must have been waiting for the chance to strike. 
“I actually have a long history with the Ghosts,” Alex said.
Beth’s stomach churned. She could tell he was speaking the truth. Somehow, he knew all about them.
“Stop it, Alex,” she said. “You win. You might as well just kill me now. If you don’t, then my family and I will keep fighting to avenge my brother’s death.”
A ferocious expression appeared on her face. “Kill me,” she shouted. “Do you dare? If you have the ability, then kill me.”
“Nice try,” Alex drawled. “But I can see what you’re up to. You’re trying to provoke me for the sake of a quick and hopefully painless death. It’s a good idea, but I can’t do it, I’m afraid. You can’t die yet because you have to take me to find your father.”
“You’re taking me as a hostage to my father?” Beth asked with a self-deprecating laugh. “It looks like now 
I’m
 the pawn in 
your
 game.” 
“I’m one man on his own in the world,” 
A
lex said. “You could have found me easily enough, so why did you want Maryann? I need you to explain.”
“Explain?” Beth growled. “You killed my brother, and now you want me to explain myself to you?”
“Who told you that I killed your brother?” Alex said, raising an eyebrow. “Don’t make accusations without evidence. I’d admit it if I had killed him, but I didn’t. 
So
 I’d say you’ve been a little reckless, Miss Ramsden.”
Beth was livid, and she didn’t believe him. All her information had been passed on through the Ghosts, so how could it be wrong?
Maryann was also surprised to learn that Alex hadn’t killed Gabriel. She knew that he wouldn’t bother to deny it if he had. Clearly, something strange was going on.
“Come on, take me to your people,” Alex said, pulling Beth to her feet. “When the time is right, I’ll let you know what happened and why your brother ended up dead.”
** 
Later that afternoon, at a private cemetery on the outskirts of Baltimore, Gabriel’s body was laid out in the chapel.
His body had been released after autopsy, and his family had arranged for him to be transported there for burial.
Orrin Ramsden had arrived in Baltimore in a hurry. He had not only brought his daughter and eldest son, but he had also brought fifty henchmen. All of them were loyal Ghosts, and they were ready to fight to the death.
At about six thirty, several black cars drove through the gates of the cemetery and stopped in front of the chapel.
The door of the chapel opened, and seven or eight big men surrounded the car to protect it. 
Then Maria Thornton got out of the car, dressed in black and looking very solemn. Her hair was tied up, revealing a slender neck and a shining diamond necklace.
She was sad because she and Gabriel had shared the same spirit, and there had been moments when she had thought they might end up together.
With a bunch of flowers in her hand, she went into the chapel and stood by Gabriel’s coffin.
The chapel was large, but few people attended the service. There were more guards than mourners, which made the place look cold and desolate.
Maria approached a man nearby and said, “Hi, Beau. I’m sorry for your loss.”
She patted him lightly on the shoulder. He was a tall man of about thirty years of age, and his expression was savage as he stared at his brother’s coffin.