In a flash, Alex kicked out and hit the Ghost closest to him. The man dropped to the ground, knocking the Ghost next to him, who in turn knocked the next one over. Maria gasped as each of the Ghosts fell in a domino effect.
Alex drew out a long sword. “Well, what do we have here? A gathering of Orrin’s minions?”
“Alex, what are you doing here?” Maria asked. “Was it really necessary to break in like this?”
The air was full of tension as the Ghosts slowly picked themselves up from the ground. They were angry, not only at being knocked down so easily but also at how this young man had disrespected their leader.
Beau was fuming. He had been wondering how he could track Alex down, and he couldn’t believe that Alex would be arrogant enough to show up here unannounced.
“Who do you think you are?” he demanded. “First, you kill my brother. Then you wreck this funeral home while we are mourning him. Is this all part of some suicide mission for you?”
The Ghosts closed in around Alex and the mysterious figure he had dragged in behind him. They bared their teeth as they tightened their grips on their swords.
“Alex, have you no shame?" Maria asked, scowling at him. "Isn't it bad enough that you killed Gabriel? Do you have to disrespect him in death, too?"
“You still think I killed Gabriel?” Alex asked. He turned toward the man whose head was still covered. “No, 
this
 is the man who murdered Gabriel. And I’d be more than happy to finish him off for you, if that’s what you want.”
Alex tore the bag from the man’s head and pushed him to the ground. As the hostage gasped for air, the Ghosts drew closer. Then they stopped in their tracks and stared in disbelief.
The man on the ground could have been Alex’s twin. There was a long silence while the Ghosts looked from one man to the other, trying to work it out. It was easy for Maria and Beau, who knew Alex better, to pick him out. But the Ghosts couldn’t tell the difference. 
Maria was afraid of what might happen next. Alex seemed even more out of control than usual. 
I should call the cops
, she thought. She reached for her phone, but her palms were too sweaty to unlock it, and she was shaking all over.
Eventually, Beau managed to speak.
“Alex, we don’t have time for your schoolboy games. Cut the crap and tell us what’s going on here! Who exactly is this lowlife?” 
Alex looked at the Ghosts surrounding him. Over the previous few days, he had been practicing some ancient martial arts moves, and he thought this might be a good time to try them out.
Beau stood there, eyebrows raised, waiting for a reply.
“This ‘lowlife’ goes by the name Ricky Stan,” Alex explained. “He’s a skilled fighter—almost as impressive as your Ghosts, I’d say. It was Ricky who stole into the hospital, pretended to be a doctor, and killed Gabriel. Oh, and with that dumb mask, he looks a bit like me… on a bad day.”
He looked at the Ghosts. “Looks like you idiots could barely tell the difference. Now that I’ve given you my news, would you like to tell me what you have there?” He nodded toward the piece of paper in Beau’s hand.
With a half-smile, Beau handed over the license.
As he scanned the document, Alex felt his heart thump. The Thorntons and the Ghosts were even closer than he had imagined, so he would have to watch his step. Slowly, he handed the document back to Beau. “Congratulations! You obviously keep the right friends.” 
The Ghosts were still looking at the man on the ground.
“Back to the current problem,” Alex said. “I’m afraid we’re still missing a vital piece of information. This poor fool is just a pawn, so we need to get to the bottom of who’s really behind this?” He looked at Beau. “Who would want to stir things up between your family and me? Who would have the most to gain from us fighting?”
At this, Maria began shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other, and the color drained from her face.
“Maria, maybe you could shed some light on this?” Alex asked.
Maria straightened her spine and relaxed her shoulders. At all costs, she had to keep her family’s secrets. If the Ramsdens found out the truth about her family’s involvement in Gabriel’s death, then it would destroy their friendship forever.
“What? That’s ridiculous,” she said, glaring at Alex. “Of everyone I know, you are the best at making enemies and getting yourself into trouble.”
She glanced at Beau to gauge his reaction. His expression was calm, and he seemed to accept what she was saying.
“I’m not afraid of you,” she told Alex. “If you suspect someone in my family had a hand in this, I’ll be sure to investigate. But I strongly suspect 
that
 t
his
 man is simply an actor you paid to frame us.”
Beau put a steadying hand on Maria’s shoulder and nodded slowly. “That makes the most sense to me. Don’t worry, Maria. I’m on your side.”
He turned to Alex with his eyes blazing with anger. “
Tell
 us where you picked up this actor. I want answers. Now.”
The Ghosts raised their swords and moved closer to Alex.
Alex snorted. “Are you trying to intimidate me?” He shook his head. “I’ve told you the truth, and I’ve even brought you the real culprit. 
So
 stop threatening me, or you’ll regret it.”
He looked at Beau. “Why don’t you bring out the guards who were at the hospital the night that Gabriel was killed? Let them take a look at Ricky here. Maybe they’ll recognize him. Then you can use your top Ghosts to torture or kill him—your call.”
Beau thought it over. Just as he was about to speak, Ricky gasped and struggled to his knees. “Please, I beg you,” he said. “Don’t torture me! I’ll tell you everything.”
Beau looked at him with contempt. It was clear that, before throwing him in the car, Alex had already given him a beating, and Ricky was ready to cooperate.
Beau nodded at him. “Go ahead.”
“Everything Alex told you is true,” Ricky said. “My name is Ricky Stan, and I’m a registered member of the Demon sect. Our leader, Cam, ordered me to go to the hospital and kill Gabriel.”