The force of Alex’s blow almost lifted Beau off his feet, nearly sending him sprawling. He felt a trickle of blood running from a cut over his eye. As he shook his head to clear it, Alex closed the distance between them and clamped his hand on Beau’s throat.
Maria watched, frozen in fear. The gun in her hand was useless, and she knew the safest course of action was to keep her head down and avoid attracting the attention of either man.
“You’ve lost,” Alex said softly while Beau tried to catch his breath.
Beau had carefully analyzed Alex’s fighting style and skills, and he realized he would not be able to win this fight. Alex was just too strong, too fast. 
He could probably beat me with one hand tied behind his back
, he thought bitterly. 
It’d be child’s play.
His face burned with shame. “If you think I’m going to beg for my life, then you’re wrong,” he said. “You can kill me, but we’ll get revenge.”
“If you say so,” Alex said.
“Enough!” roared a majestic voice. More than a dozen men and women armed with swords walked toward them, flanking an older man in an expensive suit with a sheathed sword at his hip. The man’s face was completely expressionless.
Celeste brought her own sword up, ready to respond to any sudden attack.
“Father,” Beau said.
“Mr. Ramsden,” Maria said at the same time.
They watched Orrin approach with eager eyes. Neither was very hopeful, though. Alex had proven to be a unique opponent time and time again. Assassins, poisoners, mercenaries, and martial arts experts had all taken him on, and each one had failed. Still, they thought Orrin might be strong enough to beat him.
Orrin was keenly aware that he was surrounded by his family’s enemies, but he put aside his anger. 
There will be time for payback later,
 he thought. He was looking forward to it, in fact, but at that moment, he saw only Alex.
Alex was still holding Beau by the throat as he met the old man’s gaze. Orrin was mildly shocked by the resolve he saw in the young man’s expression.
“Put him down,” Orrin said. “I already know about Gabriel. There are still some questions, but if you really are innocent, then my family won’t come for revenge, and the police will leave you alone. I am Orrin Ramsden, and my word is law in my family.” His voice was hoarse and low. Like his son’s, it was also full of arrogant pride. “Show some respect. Put him down.”
Alex raised his eyebrows. “Respect?” he repeated. He broke Beau’s neck with a snap. “I don’t have any respect for you at all.”
Alex dropped the body. Beau hadn’t had time to react, and now it was all over. He had been a Ramsden and a well-trained fighter, and there had never been an enemy he hadn’t been able to defeat. Until Alex. No amount of money or power, his own or his father’s, could have prepared him to fight someone like Alex.
Orrin and the Ghosts were shocked. 
Orrin 
shouted his son’s name, all his rage and loss poured into a single word. 
He 
had been preparing to take over the Ghosts and increase their presence throughout the East Coast with his sons by his side. 
Now, they’re both dead
, he thought. 
And I have nothing
. The anger that he had put aside rushed through him at the sight of his son’s body. 
Celeste calmly stepped in front of Alex, her sword still at the ready. She knew Orrin’s people would attack once the shock had worn off, and she was prepared.
Maria also knew that a tremendous battle was imminent, and she was scared to death that she would be caught up in it. She used the moment of stunned silence to slip into the building. Trembling, she took her phone from her pocket and made a frantic call.