Compared 
to 
Alex, these people were complete idiots.
Cam sighed. If he had known that from the start, then he would have made more of an effort to get along with Alex. If his family had even half the intelligence that Alex had, then they would be in a much stronger position. 
His analysis made the entire situation look dreary. Everyone knew that Alex was powerful, but they just didn’t want to admit how great he was. They were descendants of a powerful family, which made them much more powerful than Alex. 
They all bowed their heads, accepting the truth. Lachlan was an experienced man, yet he too was ashamed to admit that he had fallen into the trap of underestimating Alex.
Maria looked hesitant as she asked, “Well, how do we solve this? The morale of the Ghosts is very low, and many important people have been killed. There are rumors that Orrin was supposed to be the next leader, so who knows what is going to happen now? With all the turmoil, I’m guessing that the Ghosts are not ready to make a big move right now.”
She paused before going on. “As for Ricky, well, he could be a problem. We need to decide who is going to talk to the police about him. We need to be careful what we say so that they handle the investigation in our favor.”
“Wait a minute,” Cam interjected. “Our appearance will make people think that the situation is extremely serious, which will only aggravate the situation.”
He sighed. “I know you’re frustrated and annoyed with me. But the last time I went to see Alex, we worked it out, even though Alex knew that I didn’t trust him. There was no conflict at all. Instead, we were able to fully contain the situation. What do you want us to do now?”
Even with Maria, the Thorntons were really short on talent because Alex had already defeated several powerful family members. If they hadn’t been eliminated, then Maria wouldn’t be in her current situation.
“Now,” Cam continued, “you need to be careful, or else our reputation may be damaged. If you step out of line, I will do what I need to do to protect the Demon sect, even if that means throwing you under the bus. Is that clear?”
Everyone grew alarmed. Many had never seen that side of Cam before because he had always seemed so complacent.
Cam continued to speak. “What I’m worried about now is that Sawyer will come and make trouble for us.”
He had tried to smooth things over with Alex and Sawyer when he had visited the clinic. But then his family had sent someone to kill Gabriel and blame Alex, so now they had to be prepared for anything. He was sure that Alex and Sawyer would retaliate, so they had to expect anything, particularly from Sawyer. 
He thought for a moment, and then he turned around, took a box out of a cabinet, and unlocked it.
“Lachlan, come here,” he said.
Lachlan stepped forward respectfully. He studied Cam and realized what the other man wanted, so he held out his hand. Cam picked up a dagger and cut Lachlan’s palm. Blood ran freely, and then Cam 
began 
t
o staunch
 the wound with a cloth until it stopped. He then held out the blood-soaked cloth for Maria.
Lachlan’s face was pale as he watched Maria take the cloth. Cam handed her the box and indicated that she should put the cloth inside.
“Go, Maria,” Cam said. “Give this to Alex as a gift.” 
Then he turned around and said nothing further.
*** 
Alex walked into Maryann’s hospital room, and as soon as she saw him, she started reporting information to him. “The R&D department is up and running again. We have our employees in place, and the production line is ready to go. We should also have the testing and sampling procedures up and running soon.” 
She sat on the hospital bed as she tapped away at her computer. She didn’t even have to look up to know that it was Alex who had entered her room.
“Well, I guess you were right,” Alex said. “Now, you should take it easy and get some rest. Don’t overdo it.” A mild note of worry was ev
ident 
in his voice. 
“Okay, you’re right. I’ll listen to you.” Maryann was touched by his concern, so she turned off the computer and set it aside. “I don’t want to be so anxious, but I’m excited about this product, and I wish I could produce it right now.” 
She blushed. “The Golden Health powder is near and dear to my heart. I’ve never cared so much about anything we’ve produced.”
Julie, who had been sitting in the corner, spoke up for the first time. “Alex is right. You should take better care of yourself. I’m worried about you. At the beginning of something new, people always get excited and take on more than they can handle.”
She turned to Alex and said sincerely, “I haven’t thanked you for saving my sister. I am deeply grateful. If you ever need anything from me, don’t hesitate to ask. I owe you.” 
Alex remained quiet.
Unconcerned, Julie continued, “I will not interfere with the running of the company, but I do want to help in any way I can.”