“Jack will blame me for the punishment he received,” Yvonne said. “He’s too angry to see that I only acted the way I did to stop Alex from being so angry with us. I can handle Jack, but what if Riley feels he needs to interfere in this matter?” She sighed. “I suspect Riley has long wanted Jack to be the leader of the Wheeler family, but he has never had a chance to make it happen.”
She frowned. "I hope my grandparents can get the protection of the Rumble Club; that might help keep our enemies at bay. If the Rumble Club supports us, then we won't have to worry about the 
Naysmiths
 and the Thorntons any longer.” 
***
Alex had always suspected that the dispute between the Wheeler and Bailey families was complicated, and now Riley seemed to be involved. He thought hard. Wasn't there a connection by marriage to Jack? That would explain the 
Naysmiths
’ involvement with him. 
The more he thought about it, the more Alex felt that Riley's position in the Baltimore families must be explored further. 
Fabian's misfortune had given Alex a chance to witness the relationship between the Wheelers and the 
Naysmiths
, and to deepen his understanding of the Baltimore networks. But he hadn’t expected Yvonne to deal with Jack as she had. That had surprised him. 
It also made him realize that in the bigger families, like the Wheelers, many undercurrents surged which were not always visible to an outsider.
He considered how he could manipulate Yvonne, so that the Wheeler family's internal strife would become more heated, and how that might be of benefit to him.
Alex didn't take Fabian's family home; he took them back to the Woodside Clinic. He found a room for them in the back where they could rest in private for the time being. 
Alex spoke quietly to Fabian. "Although Jack has been stopped for the moment, his pride has been damaged, and that means he will still be a threat. Yvonne's assurances to us that she has control of the situation can't be completely relied on. Of course, we should be able to control Yvonne now, but it's 
only the
beginning 
,
 and there can 
be
 many uncertainties." 
He put his hand on Fabian’s shoulder as he continued to talk. “So, stay in the clinic for the time being, and wait for things to calm down a little. After a while, you should be able to go back home, but it will be safer to stay here for now.”
He raised his voice and spoke to Fabian’s wife. “You’re very welcome here. As long as you are in the clinic, nobody can get to you. Woodside is the safest place for you all to be right now; it’s not an ordinary clinic. But if you want to go out or get back to work, let me know, and I’ll send someone to protect you.” 
He was determined to ensure the family's safety. On their way to the clinic, he had been thinking furiously, and he now had several plans he wanted to put into action. There were a lot of people he could mobilize to help him out, such as the Baltimore Martial Arts Alliance. After all, the man at the uppermost level of the alliance was one of his close friends. 
"I have a small villa in Locust Point," Fabian said. "It's a great location, and it's in fairly good repair. If I can sell this villa, then I can move closer to central Baltimore, which will be more convenient for work.”
He looked eagerly at Alex. He wanted to become one of the top barristers in Baltimore. He had been focused on saving his family, but now he was keen to get back to work and establish himself in the city.
Fabian was sharp, and he saw that, although Alex claimed he was only a doctor, he was much more than that, and he had funds at his disposal. Fabian knew Alex would be a powerful ally in setting him up as a lawyer in Baltimore. 
With Alex behind him, not only would he be able to protect his family, but he could also make some serious money. He fully believed that Alex was the best man to ask for help. 
"Locust Point?" Alex asked thoughtfully. "A villa there should be worth a lot of money."
Locust Point was a famous area in Baltimore, and it was full of large properties where the rich liked to live. Many of the houses and villas there sold for millions.
"Alex, you saved our lives," Fabian said gratefully. "We can never repay you for what you've done for us." He exhaled slowly. "I know we are already in your debt, Alex, but I wonder if there is any way you could help us with this?"
Fabian's wife and daughter were also looking intently at Alex, hoping that he would buy the villa from them.
Alex thought carefully. His own property, Birchwood House, was nearly completed, but he wanted to help Fabian. "Okay, I'll take it. Talk to Kendall about what you need. She's brilliant, and she'll help you with everything."
He put his hand on Fabian's shoulder. "Just stay here and relax for the moment. Celeste will protect you this week. Her martial arts skills are second to none, and she will keep you safe. Nobody will get past her. In a few days' time, I'll arrange for bodyguards to protect you round the clock."
He decided to put Fabian at ease. "As for your work, don't worry about it yet. I have connections when you are ready to get back out there. As for Locust Point, I'll buy it from you for now, but if you decide you want to move back, or if you want to set 
up a
 property at Birchwood House, then we'll make it happen." 
Fabian was overwhelmed by Alex's benevolence. "Thank you," he said, smiling broadly. "Thank you so much, Alex."
He felt that he had made the right decision by placing his trust in Alex. 
Alex went back to his office. As he was pouring a pot of tea, an expensive car pulled up at the clinic.
Lindsey got out, dressed in an elegant white dress. She seemed confident and elegant, and she had clearly made an effort to look nice.
Alex sighed. 
Several of the clinic's patients stopped and stared openly at Lindsey's beautiful face. 
She approached Alex, looking at him shyly, and she seemed to be waiting for him to comment on her appearance. 
Alex gave her the thumbs up, telling her he approved. Lindsey gave a small, satisfied smile. Alex's opinion was what mattered most to her. Other men simply weren't important.