“Riley, I beg you to kill them all,” Jack said, his voice hoarse with anger. “Kill Alex, kill Fabian, and kill Yvonne. You must help me destroy them.” 
He was humiliated at having been punished by Yvonne in his own home, and the whole situation was unacceptable. He wanted to stomp on those involved. 
“Don’t be impulsive. We won’t just let it go.” Riley put his hand on Jack’s shoulder and let him see the anger in his eyes as he spoke. “The debt will be paid.”
“Alex is deceptive,” Jack warned him. “Clearly, he’s more skilled than he looks. He even defeated Jean.”
Norman looked up sharply. “Jack, you can rest assured, we will get revenge for you.”
“I was always worried about Yvonne,” Riley said thoughtfully. He looked at Jack. “I was concerned that she might act against you; that’s why I arranged for Jean to protect you. After all, she was extremely capable, so I thought she would be a big help to you.” He scowled. “I never expected Alex to get the better of her.” 
He swore under his breath. “That son of a bitch. Not only did he let Yvonne hurt you, but he also ruined our plans. If we want to send someone to help in the future, I’m afraid your family won’t agree so easily next time.”
Jack’s injury, together with the failure of his plans, made Riley thoroughly despise Alex.
Jack flushed with shame. “It was my incompetence that led to this,” he said. “I didn’t expect Fabian and Alex to be friends. This isn’t your fault, Riley.” 
Riley sighed. “I think Alex wants to challenge me, that’s all.”
“Is he really not afraid of us?” Norman asked incredulously.
“No, Alex isn’t worried,” Riley said. “He continually makes things harder for me, so he’s clearly not concerned. I think he has huge ambition and that he wants to overthrow me completely. When he found out that Jack was working with me, he took advantage of that and made sure to bring him down. I’m not surprised.”
He found himself gritting his teeth and had to force his jaw to relax. “We are mortal enemies, so Alex must die. And Yvonne must be punished for having the gall to fight against me.”
Jack nodded. “Riley, I want them crushed to pieces,” he said in a stern voice. “And leave no body to bury. That is the price for breaking my arms and legs.” 
Norman’s eyes glinted with anticipation. “Don’t worry,” he said. “Alex is going to have bad luck soon, and Yvonne will be finished in a few days.”
“Good,” Jack said fiercely. “Make sure they suffer.”
With that assurance from Riley and Norman, Jack’s resentment faded, and he was sure Alex would soon be gone.
Riley told Jack to concentrate on taking good care of himself and to worry about revenge later. Then he beckoned Norman to follow him out of the ward, where they stood next to the elevator.
“How are things going?” Riley asked him.
Norman had expected that Riley would ask, so he had his answer ready. “The news came from Julie this morning that the Robinson’s R&D center began work a couple of days ago, and that they finished the sample preparation of Golden Health yesterday. The first batch of production started at six this morning. Pharmaceutical companies are also constantly buying large quantities of raw materials. From the number of vehicles and quality estimates, the market value of raw materials is two hundred million, enough for three months.”
When he paused, Riley gestured for him to continue.
“They also have three sets of large-scale automatic pharmaceutical equipment, and they have arranged for many people to work on quality control. Maryann has also come up with an advertising program and has asked Cassidy Pike to provide a product endorsement.” He cleared his throat. “This morning, she also formally hired Shaun Armstrong as the legal adviser for Golden Health powder. I also received news that she has taken several samples and contacted many of the Naysmith’s customers. Her approach was so well received that she has already accumulated millions of orders.”
He met Riley’s gaze. “In summary, Maryann and Alex have spent nearly a billion dollars on the production of the powder, and they are working overtime to manufacture it. It is currently estimated that they have already produced nearly ten thousand jars. If they keep selling and producing at those rates, and, if this product is launched in one shot, then Naysmith’s Healing Powder is bound to be strongly impacted.” 
“Alex is playing with fire,” Riley said. “And I know he won’t be happy until he’s ground me into the dirt. But he won’t get anywhere. He’ll be the one who gets destroyed.”
“The tragic ending for Maryann and Alex isn’t as important as the potential of Golden Health powder,” Norman reminded him. “It will make your family famous and establish their power.” 
Riley’s eyes flashed with excitement. “Are we prepared?” 
“Everything is ready,” Norman assured him. “And I await your order.” 
Riley quietly stepped into the elevator. Then, just as the doors were closing, he looked at Norman and nodded.
Norman made a call and said, “Do it.”
***
At half past four in the afternoon, the machines in the factory were in operation, and the workers were busy.
It was a large factory with over a thousand employees, many of whom were busy producing the Golden Health powder, and the resulting products quickly filled the warehouse.
Maryann treated the workers very well. To ensure that the products would be available as quickly as possible, the company was paying wages three times higher than the industry standard, so they had managed to recruit the most outstanding workers in the profession. She was supervising them personally and had set the target at ten thousand units.
She was also gifting a small amount of the new product to each staff member, stressing that it would increase in value if demand started to exceed supply. All in all, the staff were very happy, and she was satisfied with their performance. After inspecting the workshop, she returned to the office to discuss the issues of the day with Alex.
The office was very busy. Fabian was excited about the products and with the quality and efficacy compared with the Naysmith’s drug.
Alex hadn’t made this batch of Golden Health powder himself, so the results weren’t as significant as they could have been. But it was still far superior to Naysmith’s Healing Powder. 
Fabian was a lawyer, but he also understood business, and he was excited to take Golden Health powder as far as he could.