“Now I will take questions,” Norman said, looking around. “Afterward, we would like to demonstrate the effects of Dynamic Health.”
The reporters barraged Norman with questions, which he answered calmly. He used every opportunity to drive home Quality Pharmaceuticals’ innocence.
When the questions dried up, Norman asked Alyssa to join him at the podium.
“This is our new public relations manager, Alyssa Hart,” Brian said. “Ms. Hart, would you please confirm for the audience that you volunteered to participate in this demonstration of Dynamic Health’s amazing ability to heal wounds?”
“Absolutely, Mr. Fuller,” she replied. “I have complete confidence in this medicine, and I’m delighted to have the opportunity to show the world how well it works.”
Norman looked up to make sure that the video monitor in the auditorium was still clearly displaying the podium.
Alyssa lay her bare forearm across the podium, and Norman took out a scalpel. Before anyone had time to realize what was about to happen, he drew the blade across her arm. The cut wasn’t deep, but it was bleeding quite a bit. As hard as she tried, Alyssa couldn’t keep from crying out in pain. 
Maybe this hadn’t been such a good idea, after all, 
she thought, gritting her teeth.
Several of the journalists were making notes condemning Quality Pharmaceuticals and plotting ways to talk to Alyssa and find out how she had been forced into this. They would be glad to help her to denounce the company.
Norman’s eyes swept through the auditorium, and he was satisfied with the commotion that he had produced.
He addressed the audience again. “Please! Please! This was all Alyssa’s idea! I refused for a long time, but she kept insisting that she wanted to do this for the company she loves. She has devoted herself to the development of Quality Pharmaceuticals. I am deeply moved by her dedication.” 
He looked around, making sure he had everyone’s attention. “Now we’re going to treat Alyssa’s cut with Dynamic Health, our incredible new wound-healing powder.” 
A staff member stepped up on the platform, holding a jar of Dynamic Health on a tray. Norman picked it up and poured the powder onto Alyssa’s cut. 
Within a few seconds, the bleeding had stopped.
Then, the raw redness of the wound began to fade, and within a minute, it had completely scabbed over.
The mood of the audience changed from animosity to amazement.
The reporters were making notes that included the words “astonishing," “unbelievable," and “milestone in medicine.”
They felt like they had seen a miracle.
Norman overheard one reporter say to another, “I thought Quality Pharmaceuticals was an old company with nothing that could compare to modern medicine. I had no idea that they had anything like this in their research pipeline. How did they keep it quiet? This will save many lives.”
The cameras clicked, the reporters submitted their stories, and Alyssa’s pain faded away. Norman wore a satisfied smile. The press conference had been an enormous success.
Alyssa was satisfied, as well. With Dynamic Health, Quality Pharmaceuticals would soon rocket into fame, and so would she. She would be its poster girl, and her face would soon be recognized worldwide. 
All the executives felt gratified. Everything had gone as they had hoped, and their imaginations were running wild. Their company name would be a household word, and even heads of state would insist on using their medication. They were all going to be rich and famous.
This was the high point of Norman’s life. He had started out working for the Naysmith family, staying behind the scenes for many years. Now, here he was on stage, heading up a company with an incredible product, soaking up applause and praise.
His self-congratulations were interrupted by a commotion at the auditorium doors. Alex had shoved his way in past the startled security guards and was shouting something into a bullhorn. “Ladies, gentlemen, please, listen to me. Do not use Dynamic Health! It may look wonderful, but it has some very serious problems!” 
The stunned reporters turned to see what was happening. 
They knew that if something sounded too good to be true, then people would be suspicious, and a little negativity could make a story much more believable. 
So
 they were very interested in what this newcomer had to say.
“Excuse me, sir, we’ve just seen how effective Dynamic Health is,” one journalist said, rushing over with a microphone. “Why do you say it only 
looks
 wonderful? Does it have some side effects?”
“Yes, it has side effects,” Alex said, speaking into both the megaphone and the mic. “Very bad ones.”
Norman’s face darkened. He knew he needed to get Alex out of there, but with so many reporters there, he didn’t really want to call security. With Alex’s skill in martial arts, if he didn’t want to leave, there was no way to make him.
After a moment of thought, Norman relaxed. What harm could Alex do? Quality Pharmaceuticals was about to dominate the world’s trauma drug market, and nothing could change that. Let him make a spectacle of himself in front of all those reporters. There was nothing like free publicity.
He waved his hand and stopped the security guards as he grinned at Alex.
Alyssa, however, was furious. Alex had pulled all the attention away from her, ruining her dreams of fame.
A reporter 
questioned
 Alex
,
 “Sir, what do you mean? What side effects?”
Alex raised his megaphone again. “This medicine has incredible powers to close wounds and stop bleeding, but there are serious after-effects. Only a company that puts profit ahead of human lives would manufacture this.”
“After-effects? 
Serious
 ones?” people muttered, looking curious and surprised.
The reporters who were still near the podium were starting to suspect something odd was going on, and they focused on Alex. 
Alex now had the attention of everyone in the room, so he set the bullhorn down. 
“Quality Pharmaceuticals must cease production immediately,” he said. “Otherwise, it will harm thousands of people, not to mention destroying its own reputation irreparably.”
Norman didn’t look at all upset. He was laughing to himself and thinking, 
Alex, you think you’re so big, but you are about to fall hard.
“Norman, please! Stop production right now before people get hurt!” Alex shouted at him.
Norman ignored him, but Alyssa was still shaking with anger at having her moment in the spotlight ruined.
“What’s wrong with Dynamic Health? Is it poisonous? Is it fatal?” Hundreds of reporters were hanging on Alex’s every word.
Alyssa raised her fist and stepped toward Alex, but Norman stopped her. Then, he turned up the volume on his mic, which was still live. He spoke slowly and clearly, with a gentle smile on his face. “Don’t be taken in by this man’s words. I know who he is. His name is Alex Ambrose. He’s the chairman of the Robinson Group.”