Now that Norman had revealed Alex’s identity, the change in public opinion was immediate, and everyone began to look at Alex with contempt.
“Think about it,” Norman said. “Can you really trust anything that he has to say? He’s hardly objective.”
The reporters were in an uproar and started to mock Alex openly. Most of them knew about the conflict between the Robinson Group and Quality 
P
harmaceuticals, and they were aware that Golden Health had become a failure. Naturally, they felt that Alex might have a personal grievance and was trying to smear Dynamic Health’s reputation.
After a burst of excitement, everyone grew confused. If there was really a problem with Dynamic Health, then why had the Robinson group tried so hard to copy it?
It seemed obvious that Alex was at the end of his tether and was trying to run a scam. And it wasn’t as if he had had to spend any money to cause trouble. All the reporters had already been invited there by Quality Pharmaceuticals, so Alex had only needed to show up to create problems for them. 
They were contemptuous as they questioned Alex, and their attitude toward him had changed from curiosity to extreme suspicion. They all began to shout at him.
“You’re talking nonsense. Get out of here!” 
“Yeah, if Dynamic Health doesn’t work, then why did you copy it?” 
“It’s just sour grapes that you didn’t think of the idea first!” 
“Stop lying to the public!” 
There was nothing Alex could do. Unexpectedly, all his efforts had been in vain. Thanks to Norman, his comments had been dismissed by the reporters out of hand.
But he was reluctant to give up. After making a scene at the press conference, he went and spoke to people within the industry, medical professionals, and even the police. He asked each of them to stop the production of Dynamic Health because he believed that terrible things were going to happen. 
No one listened to him. They were polite, but they refused to do anything, believing Alex was merely conducting a personal vendetta. Alex was miserable, and it seemed like there was nothing he could do. 
Finally, he turned to the internet. He went onto every site he could think of and told them what he knew. He made comments pointing out that Dynamic Health had serious hidden dangers, which could cause serious side effects in some consumers. After that, Quality Pharmaceuticals also issued a statement accusing Alex of defamation.
People all over the country were in an uproar over Alex’s claims. Many anonymous calls were made to the Woodside Clinic, suggesting that Alex should stop causing trouble or his clinic would be finished.
In the end, the official conclusion was that the Dynamic Health medicine produced by Quality Pharmaceuticals had nothing to do with Alex, and the idea that he had invented it didn’t stand up to scrutiny.
*
**
Later that day, Alex went to Baltimore General Hospital to meet Brian and his wife, who were there to see their daughter.
“You really have to take care of this matter with Dynamic Health,” Alex said to Brian. “Otherwise, it’s going to become a huge problem. The powder’s ability to stop bleeding and heal wounds is outstanding, but according to my tests, the side effects are significant. It’s particularly harmful to some patients with underlying conditions, and it can cause intense and uncontrollable skin irritation.
“This medicine must not be put on the market in large quantities, or the consequences will be unimaginable. There will be casualties. Lots of them. I need you to step in and study the product carefully and make a comprehensive and objective judgment on whether it’s safe. If you don’t, bad things could happen.”
He made no attempt to fawn over Brian or to make friends with him. He simply tried to persuade him of the facts and encourage him to do something about it.
Timothy was standing next to Brian, and he shook his head, laughing bitterly. He opened his mouth to speak, but then he closed it again without saying anything. Instead, he just looked down, feeling embarrassed. 
“Alex, do you think I don’t know what’s going on?” Brian asked, snorting. “Why would I instantly believe your side of the story? It sounds to me like you’re just trying to smear Dynamic Health because you want it to fail, just like your Golden Health powder. Do you think that’s realistic?”
“Oh, don’t talk nonsense,” Hillary said to Alex. “You should just accept the fact that your factory has closed down, and you won’t be getting rich, after all.”
Alyssa and Susan had been poisoning her attitude toward Alex, so now she hated him for not treating her daughter, and his misfortune brought her nothing but pleasure.
“I can give you a way out of this,” she said, meeting his gaze. “If you know what’s good for you, then you’ll treat my daughter and restore her to health without any side effects or lasting damage. If you do, then I’ll talk to the Naysmiths for you. They’ll listen to me.”
She looked down her nose at Alex and said, “Think about what the consequences might be if you choose not to help. I’m just giving you the option.”
Alex exhaled a long breath. “I can save Haley,” he said. “But Brian’s going to have to stop production of Dynamic Health before it does any more harm.”
Brian’s face turned red. “I’m not making that kind of deal with you,” he said. “That is an insult to my work! You may be able to save Haley—you may be the only doctor who can—but if you think I’m going to interfere with a legitimate business for you, then you’re delusional.”
He scowled. “An old pharmaceutical company on the verge of bankruptcy has performed a miracle. They’ve created an amazing medicine that has shaken domestic and foreign markets and will save countless people, and you want me to shut it all down? What kind of monster do you think I am?”
Alex went to speak, but Brian held up his hand and continued.
“You say you have a good reason to claim that Dynamic Health is flawed, but that’s just your opinion. There’s no proof. And yet, based on your opinion, I’m supposed to do whatever you ask of me. What about the other researchers who say there’s no problem? You really are amazingly arrogant. This is all about you wanting revenge. Dynamic Health has passed every qualification test from project approval to production.”
He stared hard at Alex. “Take my advice. You’d be better off focusing on being a doctor than wasting your time thinking up wild accusations.”