So far, only Alex had insisted that anything was wrong with Dynamic Health, and everyone else had thought that he was lying.
No one had believed him, and it had generally been believed that Alex was either so jealous that he had chosen to attack his opponent out of spite.
Even Maryann and Fabian thought he had been sabotaging himself through his irrational behavior.
The day after the incident with the little boy, Maryann
rushed to
the clinic, hoping to comfort Alex in the hope that he could recover as soon as possible.
She was always by his side, doing everything for him, and helping him through a very difficult time.
As she stepped toward the clinic, she heard the roar of a car approaching at top speed. As it pulled up, it seemed as if the events of the previous day were being replayed in front of her eyes.
Just like before, the woman jumped out of the car, holding her child. Only this time, he was wrapped in bandages, his eyes were closed, and his face was ashen. Her husband quickly followed her, and they both looked anxious and haggard.
As they entered the lobby, the man begged them, “Help my child. Please, help my child.” His arrogance was gone, and now he seemed quite pitiful.
Maryann walked inside. Only then did she see that the child’s injury was more serious than the day before. His arm looked raw, and it must be really painful. It was unbearable to look at. 
She turned her head away, not wanting to look any closer. The situation was so terrible that the child had lost all his vitality. His eyes remained closed, but his little hand still kept trying to scratch the wound, and it was upsetting to watch. 
Even though the boy knew that he was hurting himself, he kept on scratching.
No matter what she had become recently, Kendall had been a killer, and she had seen all kinds of terrible things. In a petty act of revenge, she said mercilessly, “You called Dr. Ambrose a liar, and you said he had no moral
ity
? So, why have you come back? You’re not welcome here.”
“I’m so sorry,” the man cried. “I should have listened. I know that now. We don’t deserve your help, but he’s my son!” It was obvious that the regret was eating him up inside. “I was taken in by Dynamic Health, and I thought it really was as magical as the advertisement said. I didn’t expect it to have such huge side effects. I wrongly blamed Dr. Ambrose. I was wrong, and I apologize. I’m sorry!”
He took a deep breath, trying to compose himself. “Dr. Ambrose, you’re completely within your rights to shout at me. I can have no complaints at all. Please just save my child. I’ll never forget your kindness.” With that, he broke down in tears.
The woman was also weeping uncontrollably. “Doctor, I’m afraid he’s doing permanent damage to his arm,” she said. “I can’t bear it anymore. If I keep watching him destroy himself, it’s going to break my heart.” She sniffed. “You’re a good man. I should have seen it yesterday, but I was a fool. By standing up to Dynamic Health, you’ve shown you’re an amazing doctor and a kind, selfless man. I’m so sorry for the way we treated you.”
She lay the boy down in front of them, stepping back and wringing her hands.
“I don’t blame you,” Alex said, sighing. “You’re just ordinary people. Your evaluation of the drug was based on news reports and advertising. I understand.” 
Alex turned to the child, touching him gently. The boy calmed immediately, and his whole body became still. Alex then took out a bottle of ointment and unscrewed the top, releasing a refreshing fragrance into the room. 
The ointment was pure black, and it looked soft and sticky. 
Maryann and the others looked on with interest. They had no idea what it was.
Alex put the ointment on the child’s arm, and then on some of the places that the boy had scratched. The wound on the arm was the most serious. However, after applying the black ointment, the bleeding stopped quickly, and the boy’s eyes slowly opened for the first time. His face, which had been contorted in pain, finally relaxed.
Everyone was completely shocked as they stared at him, unable to believe it. 
A scar started to form over the wound. It happened so fast that they could actually watch it happen. 
The boy’s expression changed to one of peaceful contentment, and he was no longer struggling or scratching; he was just smiling at Alex.
Alex took off the bandages, and the boy didn’t struggle or cry. He seemed peaceful and at ease.
Then he looked over at his mother and said, “Mom, I’m hungry.”
“Hungry?” The woman was overjoyed. “You really must be feeling better! This is wonderful. You’re hungry at last.”
The boy had been in so much pain that he had lost his appetite and hadn’t eaten for more than a day, but now he was returning to normal. The man picked the boy up, and the three of them embraced each other, relieved that it was finally over.
“Your son has basically recovered,” Alex said. “But there are still some scars on his arm, so you’ll need to use this ointment several times.”
He handed the ointment to the mother and said, “The scars should clear up soon.”
“Thank you, doctor. We will,” the boy’s parents said. They knew how important the ointment was. They had seen Alex use it with their own eyes, and now they believed he was the best doctor they had ever seen.
“That medicine is amazing,” Maryann said. “Where did it come from?”