Alex didn’t answer, and Maryann took the ointment out of his hand to inspect it more closely. “Is this a new type of ointment? What’s its name?”
She turned the jar in her hands until she found the small, handwritten label saying “Harmony Healing."
She wasn’t exactly sure what was going on, but she had a feeling that it was going to be something important. A series of questions rushed through her mind.
Alex, who was still concentrating on the boy’s more minor injuries, was aware of her curiosity. “I’ll explain everything,” he said. “But right now, I’m with a patient.” 
Maryann nodded and handed the jar back to him.
“You have all seen the defects of Dynamic Health,” Alex said. “Therefore, I began to develop new drugs to replace it. This is a trauma medicine without side effects.”
Although the secret recipes in Alex’s herbal medicine manual had been detailed, some parts were obscure and difficult to understand. As a result, the slightest mistake could lead to significant changes. Alex had studied the manual carefully and had finally realized that the previous recipe had been a forgery, but this one was authentic.
He handed the jar of Harmony Healing to the man and his wife and said, “This kind of medicine is good, but it’s expensive to use. You can only buy one jar for each person, and there’ll be no more. You can buy it at the Woodside Clinic or Baltimore General Hospital.” 
He paused for a moment and then added, “After buying it, if there are any side effects, Woodside will not only cure you for free but will also compensate you with ten times the original price.”
“We’ll buy two jars,” the man said eagerly. After getting Alex’s approval, he quickly paid the money, as if afraid Alex would go back on his word. It was expensive, but for the health of his family, he would have paid even more.
Kendall took the money, and then she took two jars of the ointment and handed it to him. 
This ointment had been delivered the night before, and there were a total of one hundred cases, which was enough for healing the wounds of at least two thousand people. 
There were other patients at the clinic who had seen what had unfolded with the little boy, and they were now talking excitedly about the magic of the Healing Harmony ointment.
They wanted to learn more about its curative effects, and they also wanted to buy some for their own personal use. However, they still had some concerns, because sometimes things were not what they seemed to be on the surface. What if the whole thing had been a trick carefully designed by Alex to save his reputation and make more money?
They just weren’t sure who to trust. 
Alex had not been popular at all recently. The press had described the conflict between him and Quality Pharmaceuticals in great detail, so people had already made up their minds about him, and they were unsure of his motives.
The family stayed in the clinic for about half an hour to make sure that there would be no unexpected reactions. Finally, they were certain that the child was okay, and they left happily. No sooner had they left than there was another commotion outside as three cars pulled up in quick succession.
“Please help my uncle!” Donny cried as he jumped out of the first car, looking very nervous. Behind him was a group of smartly dressed men, and one of them was pushing Cam in a wheelchair.
Cam was in a bad state, and he was no longer smiling. Instead, he looked depressed, and he was clearly suffering. A rope was tied to his wheelchair, which bound his whole body, especially his arms, with very thick and solid ropes to prevent him from scratching. 
One of the most powerful men of his generation had been brought low, and those who knew anything about his history were shocked to see him that way.
Blood was seeping from his abdomen, where his wound had opened up. He hadn’t listened to Alex’s advice and had used the Dynamic Health medicine. Alex had predicted there would be a problem, and he had been proven right once again.
Alex looked at the group and noticed Lachlan was there. He looked very angry, while Cam appeared to be in extreme pain and discomfort.
“I don’t know what happened last night,” Lachlan said. “He suddenly started to scratch his abdomen, and he couldn’t control it. He kept shouting that it was itchy. At last, you see, he scratched his stomach and made it bleed. If we hadn’t tied him up, then who knows what state he’d be in by now?” He swallowed hard. “The doctors in the hospital sedated him last night, but when he was examined this morning, his condition seems to have worsened.”
He met Alex’s gaze. “The doctor also said that if it goes on like this, he may have to be restrained for the rest of his life. They said his wound will always be fragile, and if he moves the wrong way, he could open it up and have severe abdominal pain. It’s not that we don’t have access to good doctors. He could have been treated at home, but he didn’t listen to me. He decided to go to the hospital for that operation instead, and this is what has happened.
“My sect has always relied on Cam. If something happens to him, then it will affect all of us. Our doctors have no way to deal with this. I’m not ashamed to pin my hopes on you, Dr. Ambrose. Please help me! My brother won’t be able to bear any kind of long-term torture. Don’t leave him like this.” 
Lachlan had a fiery temper, and he hated Alex. His eldest son was acting as Alex’s driver, which was a great humiliation to the entire family. Now he had no choice but to ask Alex for help, and he was afraid that Alex would refuse to cure Cam, so he was careful to be respectful.
Alex looked at Cam and said, “You’re wrong, Lachlan. This has nothing to do with the operation. This is all because of the medicine known as Dynamic Health. I told him not to use it, but he did anyway. There’s something wrong with the drug, and it was like smearing poison on himself. It would be stranger if nothing had happened.” He sighed. “The situation is more serious than I imagined.” 
Cam was only semi-conscious, but when he heard Alex speak, he raised his head and asked, “Was there something wrong with the medicine?”
Alex was already examining Cam’s injury. “Well, if you don’t believe me, then feel free to use some more of it.” 
“No, no, I believe you,” Cam said, shocked. “I’m sorry. I was a fool not to listen to your advice, and look where it got me. Please forgive me.” 
The pain and itching in Cam’s abdomen became increasingly serious, and it seemed like it was spreading. Every part of his body now seemed to be affected. Sometimes it was like being cut with a knife, sometimes like being poked by needles, and sometimes it was as if 
he had been infested with ants. However, he had profound self-control, which allowed him to retain the ability to talk.
He was shocked that Alex’s advice to him had been entirely based on kindness. He wasn’t used to people outside of his family looking after him like that. He was full of intense emotions, and he couldn’t get over the fact that his problems had all been caused by Dynamic Health.
“Please don’t just stand there,” Donny pleaded. “Let’s treat him. He’s in pain, and I’m afraid that he won’t be able to take it much longer.”
Cam also struggled to say, “Doctor, please.”
Alex examined Cam’s injury and then finally nodded. “Okay,” he said. “I was concerned that it would be impossible for me to save you. The first time you came to see me, I said that once the wound broke open, it would be life-threatening. But you had surgery rather than it breaking open by itself, so there’s still hope.”
The Fitzroys were all beaming with joy, as if a huge weight had been lifted from their shoulders.
But then Alex said, “The treatment is a little expensive.” 
Without waiting for their reaction, Alex looked at Cam and Lachlan and said, “It’ll cost you twenty million dollars to ensure his recovery. I’m not taking advantage of anybody. The simple fact is that Cam’s life is valuable, and you can claim compensation from Riley for this loss. If you agree, I’ll treat him immediately. If you feel my 
price is unacceptable
, well, you can always consult another doctor.” 
He planned to use the power of the Demon sect to deal Riley a heavy financial blow. 
“No!” Cam said without hesitation. “I’ll give you the money right away.”
He had no objection to paying the money, so he simply told Lachlan to transfer twenty million dollars into Alex’s bank account. 
Despite what Alex had said, Donny felt that the Fitzroys 
were being
 taken advantage of. But when he saw his uncle consent, he decided to keep his thoughts to himself.