Lucius continued to tell Yvonne everything that he had found out about the Invisible Sniper. 
“I believe that the Invisible Sniper is a lone assassin. After killing three important figures in Oklahoma last month, he sneaked into Baltimore with a different identity. Riley got his man, Curtis, to hire him secretly.”
Lucius looked grave. “Today’s attack was a warning from Riley. He didn’t mean to kill you, just to deliver a warning.”
“He?” repeated Yvonne. “So, the Invisible Sniper is a man?”
“Yes,” replied Lucius. “We’ve found the location he’s staying at, and he’s expected to remain there for several days. Apparently, after Jack’s accident, Riley instructed the Invisible Sniper to lurk around the place and wait for an opportunity to kill you and secure Jack’s position. Now he’s retreated to a forest near a hill. Do you want me to send someone to attack him?”
“No, he’s a sniper, so we’d lose a lot of men in the process,” said Yvonne. “I don’t want to sacrifice too much for just one man with a gun.” Then her eyes lit up. “Wait for Martin to return, and then we’ll discuss what to do. But in the meantime, be vigilant.”
She wanted the matter dealt with once and for all, but she knew that safety was the priority now, and she didn’t want to put her men in danger. She decided to leave the matter for the time being.
“Okay,” replied Lucius, and then Rae asked all the other bodyguards to get on with other tasks.
Yvonne sighed. She took out the medicine that Alex had given her and looked at it. 
Can he be the man to save my family?
 she wondered.
***
Meanwhile, Riley stood in front of the window in his office, looking through binoculars at the building opposite. He watched as his men led several reporters into the building.
These were the reporters who had discredited and criticized him, and now Riley would finally put a stop to them.
He smiled and nodded with satisfaction. Then he picked up his phone and said to the person on the other end of the line, “If Yvonne still doesn’t know what’s good for her, then teach her a lesson, too.”
***
While the relationship between the Wheeler and the Naysmith families grew increasingly turbulent, things were looking up for Alex. He watched excitedly as Harmony Healing became popular.
Sometimes he would go to the front hall to speak to the patients, or when he had time, he would give Celeste acupuncture and other treatments. He was happy with her recovery, and it seemed that the Pacific orchid was working, and she was getting better.
He was making a lot of money from Harmony Health and enjoying a good reputation, but he didn’t become arrogant.
After all, he despised people who became proud after a small achievement, forgetting where they had started. Alex was never too happy nor too disappointed with anything.
He had even asked Timothy to use his contacts in the media industry to remove any positive press about himself so as not to be disturbed by reporters and people who liked to pry into other people’s private affairs.
Living a carefree and comfortable life was much more important to Alex than becoming famous.
It was late afternoon, and the peak hours were over.
A car stopped outside the clinic, and when the car door opened, Debbie and Cassidy stepped out. 
Debbie wore a red dress, and Cassidy wore a black dress. As they walked toward the clinic, all eyes were on them. Cassidy was a beautiful woman, but she paled in comparison to Debbie, who looked like an angel.
The two of them looked so charming that even Sawyer, who didn’t show much interest in women, couldn’t help but look at them.
“Alex!” called Debbie as she looked around.
When Alex saw them, he was stunned. He had only spoken to Debbie a short time ago, and he hadn’t expected her to arrive at the clinic.
Debbie’s face seemed more mature and relaxed than when Alex had last seen her.
Both Alex and Debbie had been extremely busy over the past few weeks. Although Alex had been in contact with Debbie all that time, they hadn’t had time to see each other. So, as soon as she had heard that he had some free time, she had rushed over.
Alex smiled at Cassidy and greeted Debbie warmly.
Debbie admired Alex’s good looks, and Alex thought about how lucky he was to have such a good-looking and good-natured girlfriend.
Since becoming the chairperson of the Birchwood Real Estate Company, Debbie had become very busy. Although Alex oversaw the properties, the administration side was very complicated and tedious. But Debbie was very serious and focused on her work. As a result, the company was doing very well, and the properties were being sold at a fast rate.
In addition to working at the real estate company, she was also still studying, which made it more difficult for her to find time to see Alex, so she valued every moment they spent together.
As they stood talking, everyone looked at them. Even Cassidy looked at them with interest and smiled to herself.
Cassidy had had no idea that Alex was still working at the clinic until Debbie had told her. Judging from the number of patients, he was a very skilled doctor, and it seemed like people from all over the city visited the clinic.
She was no less excited to see Alex than Debbie. After all, he had saved her on numerous occasions. She would always remember that and be grateful to him, and she even had feelings for him.
Although she wasn’t familiar with the clinic, she felt surprisingly comfortable there. She was relieved that people didn’t surround her and bombard her with requests for photos like she was used to.
Her wealth had risen sharply recently, and she had starred in a hit 
drama
, which had made her even more popular.
After greeting Debbie and Cassidy, Alex told everyone to come and say hello. All the staff members stopped their work and rushed over to greet them. Celeste, in particular, was very excited to see Debbie, and she jumped up and down with joy.
Debbie was very elegant and graceful. She greeted everyone politely and made light conversation with them.
Everyone in the clinic realized that Debbie was the person Alex truly loved because many women had visited the clinic before, but Alex had never stopped working to chat with them.
After everyone returned to their work, Alex realized that many of the patients were staring at Debbie and Cassidy. Some of them had even taken out their phones and were quietly taking pictures. Many people knew Cassidy, but Debbie was even more gorgeous. Normally, Cassidy would wear sunglasses and cover herself up when traveling to avoid all the attention. But whenever she was with Debbie, everyone focused on Debbie and left Cassidy alone.
Debbie was a very reserved person. She took Alex’s arm and asked him if he wanted to go for a walk, but when she saw people staring at them, she felt embarrassed and let go of him.
“Alex, we need a doctor,” she whispered.
“What’s the matter?” asked Alex, thinking she was acting strangely. After he had healed her in the past, her constitution had changed, and now it was unlikely that she would ever suffer from a major illness again.
Then 
Cassidy stepped forward and winked 
at Alex, indicating that they wanted to speak to him in private.
Alex nodded and said, “Come on, let’s go through the back and talk.”