The man took another step forward and chuckled.
Yvonne looked at him, and her heart sank. The super soldier was far more powerful than she had imagined. 
And more dangerous.
Still, she lifted her chin, staring him down. “I think you’ll find that I won’t die easily.”
“Maybe you won’t die at all,” the man said, smiling at her. “If you cooperate, then you might be allowed to live.” He shrugged. “The key is how well you cooperate.”
“Oh?” Yvonne asked. “And what is it you want from me?”
The man looked at Yvonne, who was wearing a silk nightgown, and his eyes were full of greed and desire.
He moved forward and smiled at her. “Since I became a super soldier, I haven’t had a normal life, and that makes me angry at times. My body doesn’t allow me to do some things.” He had nearly made it all the way to Yvonne, and she immediately stepped back, grasping her dagger tightly. 
The man laughed and began to take off his coat. “A lot has changed since I became a super soldier. Some changes are positive. I have all the parts that ordinary human beings have, but they work much better.”
Yvonne frowned as she realized what he meant. 
“You bastard.
 Don’t even think about it,” Yvonne snapped before adding, “Dream on.” 
“No, no, no,” the man said as he raised his index finger and shook it side to side to illustrate his point. “I’m not dreaming. You’re under my control, and you can’t resist. Don’t be afraid. You could look at it as a bit of fun.” He laughed again and took off his shirt. 
Yvonne gaped in shock. Not because of the man’s behavior but because she had just seen his body, and she couldn’t believe what she was looking at.
His skin was loose, and folds of it drooped down, moving totally out of sync with the rest of his body. It was almost like he was moving inside a soft leather 
bag,
 and it was unsettling to watch.
When the man saw Yvonne’s shocked expression, he grew angry and yelled, “Shut your eyes! I hate how you’re looking at me. If you don’t want to die, then do as you’re told.”
“Is it the fold of skin that blocked my dagger?” Yvonne asked curiously.
“Of course,” the man replied triumphantly.
“But I heard that super soldiers look like normal people,” Yvonne said, her eyes sweeping over him with disgust. “So why do you look like… that?”
“Well, you’re talking about low-level super soldiers,” the man said arrogantly. “They can’t compare to me. With their average human body, they can’t resist an attack like I can.”
Yvonne looked at him pitifully as she replied. “I prefer those low-level soldiers because at least they’re real people. You’re no longer a man but a monster.”
“Our technology is making rapid progress,” the man said, scowling at her. “We’ll soon have the same appearance as normal people but with flesh that can’t even be pierced by bullets.”
“So, you can’t stop a bullet with your skin at the moment?” Yvonne asked, raising an eyebrow.
The man seemed bemused by this statement and said with a grim smile, “Don’t talk nonsense. Now stop stalling.” 
“Go to hell,” Yvonne replied. While he had been talking, she had dropped her dagger and replaced it with a pistol, careful to keep it hidden from sight. But now she pointed the weapon at him. “I’m going to find out the answer.” As she spoke, she pulled the trigger. 
Three shots rang out, and three bullets went straight into the man.
Then she rushed toward the door but ground to a halt as the man suddenly stepped in front of her, blocking her path.
The man laughed and stared at her greedily. “Don’t waste your strength. You can’t kill me. And you just saw my super speed. Accept the reality.”
Yvonne pulled the trigger again without warning. With a crash, the bullet went through the window but missed the man.
“You’re a monster!” Yvonne cried as she yanked open the door and ran downstairs. 
There was no point in continuing to fight against a creature that wasn’t afraid of knives or bullets. You would need to be a martial arts master to stand a chance, and Yvonne definitely wasn’t that, so she chose to run away.
The man looked at the open door and smiled as he called after her. “You might think you’re an escape artist, but you won’t get past the other soldiers. They’re waiting for you on the stairway.”
Yvonne ran determinedly, telling herself to stay calm. She knew that she needed to think clearly to avoid making mistakes.
She chose not to take the obvious path down the stairway and instead ran to the end of the corridor and jumped through the window. 
The man followed and grabbed a piece of the broken glass, throwing it in her direction. 
While Yvonne was still in the air, she felt a sharp pain in her back, and instead of a graceful landing, she fell heavily to the ground.
She knew that she didn’t have time to stop. Gritting her teeth, she ignored the pain and dizziness and ran to the nearby woods. She knew that there was a car hidden there and that it was her last lifeline.
The sound of fighting came from the main building, and through it, she could hear the voice of the man she had tried to shoot. 
She knew that the intruders were a problem for the Wheeler family, but she also knew that she couldn’t do anything more about it, which left her frustrated.
She didn’t have time to be sentimental or delay her escape, so she did what she knew she had to do and drove away. 
She thought, 
I need Alex.
 I think he’ll be the only one that can deal with that monster.