Alex beeped his horn twice, and then twice again, seemingly urging the vehicles to leave, but he was really urging them on, which resulted in confusion.
As he scanned the scene before him, Alex picked out the only person who hadn’t reacted and looked at him closely.
Alex wasn’t afraid at all. He flashed his headlights a few times, and then he beeped again. 
The man, who had previously ignored his arrival, was furious and waved his hand. The other two men rushed toward Yvonne in response.
Alex was surprised to see him sending his minions to do his dirty work. But he was stunned by what happened next because it all happened so quickly. 
The man seemed to disappear. Then, in the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of Yvonne and aimed a punch that she instinctively dodged, causing him to hit the car door, leaving a huge dent.
“He must really be strong,” Alex murmured, impressed by the mysterious man. From the strength and speed that he had just witnessed, he knew that this man was extremely powerful. And he didn’t stop with one punch. After Yvonne evaded his first strike, he tried again, and Alex could sense the power building in him. 
The man let loose several punches in a row. They were so quick that Yvonne couldn’t do anything but evade them. Even so, Alex was amazed by her agility, and he found her skill to be even more beautiful than her appearance.
While Alex had been watching her fight, the other two men had approached his car, clearly looking to continue the fight.
Alex snorted with contempt. Then he opened the car door and stepped out. “Let’s see how strong you are,” he said as he rushed forward and grabbed one by the neck. 
He punched him, dropped him quickly, and moved on to the second man.
Once he had dealt with him, he picked him up and threw him away, scoring a direct hit on the super soldier who was attacking Yvonne. 
“Do you need any help?” Sawyer called. He was sitting in his car and had broken out in a sweat while watching Alex 
do
 battle.
But Alex’s physical prowess was unmatched. He possessed extraordinary strength and was quite simply terrifying.
Sawyer believed strongly in Alex and knew deep down that the super soldier was no match for him.
The super soldier attempted to catch the man that had been thrown at him but was knocked back several steps by the impact.
He glowered fiercely at Alex, who was walking slowly toward him, and then he unceremoniously dumped the man on the ground.
Yvonne was also looking at Alex. She took a deep, steadying breath and finally felt safe.
“Alex, you should be careful,” she warned him. “This man is a high-level super soldier, so he’s powerful and fast.”
Alex smiled at her reassuringly, and then he moved closer to the man. When he got a closer look at him, he frowned. 
No wonder Sawyer said this guy is a monster, 
he thought.
Although, that word is really too complimentary.
The man opposite him had no hair on his head and loose skin, which he could see because the man wasn’t wearing a shirt.
He couldn’t tell the man’s age because the skin drooped and hung in folds over his entire upper body. His eyes were glowing with a strange light.
Alex shuddered, and then said, “I know you’re very good, but I have no reason to fight you. Cooperate with me, and I promise that I won’t hurt you.”
The man’s eyes stopped glowing, and Yvonne was relieved. 
In the other car, one of the others was saying to Sawyer, “That guy is definitely no match for Alex. He’ll beat him so hard that even his mother won’t recognize him.”
Sawyer laughed as he replied, “His mother wouldn’t recognize him just by the crazy way he looks now.”
The super soldier overheard them, and his eyes began to glow again as he felt his anger rising.
He hated it when people said he was ugly, and if he hadn’t been wary of Alex, then he would have confronted them.
He let out a strange laugh and took a small bottle from his pocket. Then he opened his mouth, tipped up the bottle, and swallowed its contents. 
Moments later, he released a strange whimper, which sounded like a cross between crying and laughing.