Alex shook his head. “Riley’s group doesn’t have enough skilled fighters, so they’ve created these super soldiers. What a waste of time and effort. Don’t they know when to give up?”
After last night’s events, nobody was about to argue with him. He had captured these powerful opponents without suffering so much as a scratch.
“Alex, how did you get involved in this?” Donny asked. “It’s going to be a heck of a job trying to sort this out.”
Alex looked toward Yvonne and said, “I was helping her.” 
“Then 
get
 her to do your dirty work for you.” Donny wasn’t happy that Alex had asked the Demons to get involved with this, and he was spoiling for a fight.
A few people close to Alex knew that he had recently gotten very interested in Yvonne, but Donny had no clue.
“That’s enough!” Alex snapped. 
“Boss, you’re in my territory!” Donny complained, not knowing when to quit. 
Alex slapped him across the face, and Donny finally stopped arguing.
“Well, let’s get down to business,” Alex said as if nothing had happened. 
“When is Mr. King getting here?”
“
The Demon division head should be here any minute,” Sawyer replied. Sure enough, it wasn’t long before a voice was heard from 
outside,
 and Louis King arrived.
Louis glanced at Alex as he stepped in
.
“What’s going on here?” he asked, frowning as he looked around, clearly unimpressed.
“Wait! 
You’re
 the division chief?” Sawyer asked, chuckling. He had already had enough of the man’s attitude.
Louis was furious at the lack of respect. He wanted to punch Sawyer, but he held himself 
back. Instead, he pointed a finger at him and started shouting, “Get that man out of here! Get him 
out
!”
“
Yes, sir.”
 Sawyer burst out laughing.
Louis started advancing on him, but Alex focused his mental energy, and the Demon leader suddenly found 
himself
 unable to move.
At the same time, Sawyer quickly stepped in front of Yvonne to protect her, but Alex had already pulled her close.
“You can let go of me now,” Yvonne said, a little embarrassed.
Alex took his hand off her waist. “I was afraid you were in danger,” he explained sheepishly.
Yvonne found this amusing. She stepped back, looked at him, and said, “Really? It wasn’t even me he was angry with. I’m sure you knew that; you were watching things very closely.”
Alex smiled and turned away.
Louis found that he could move again. He had had a few moments to calm down, and he was smart enough to realize that things were going on here that he should just leave alone.
He went up to the restrained super soldier and asked, “Who is this man? What’s wrong with him? And why did he attack you, Ms. Wheeler?”
“He’s a genetically modified super soldier, and I think Riley must have sent him,” Yvonne replied. She could argue with Alex, but Louis was from a powerful family, so she had to be polite.
“You mean Riley is trying to kill you?” Louis asked, an eyebrow shooting up. 
“Yes,” she said. “He’s had people following me for a few days now.” 
“Well,” said Louis, “I’m sure your family has known about the existence of these super soldiers for a long time.” 
It was obvious that Louis thought the Wheeler family was a little too powerful. After all, they were famous for dealing with information.
“Super soldiers?” she said. “I didn’t know much about them—only a handful of unsubstantiated rumors. My grandfather is getting up in years, and I don’t like to bother him about everything. So, when Riley sent people to follow me, I didn’t even tell him.” She shrugged. “I just thought it was related to a business dispute. “
She was a smart woman. She could tell what Louis was implying, so she deliberately pretended to be an ordinary businesswoman.
Yvonne is really devious, 
Alex thought, finding her fascinating. 
It’s impressive.
“What’s the business dispute between you and Riley?” Louis asked Yvonne.
Alex knew that she was putting on an act, so he decided to play along and not expose her lie. 
Yvonne glanced at Alex and calmly said, “Oh, it’s nothing important. 
Just a minor matter.”
“
Mr. King, Ms. Wheeler said it’s nothing important,” Alex said, his tone sharp. “Please don’t pry into other people’s business secrets.”
Louis got the message and changed the subject. 
Besides, he was more interested in these super soldiers than Yvonne, so he was happy to keep Alex onside by letting this go.