The office was very quiet. The only sounds were the occasional turning of pages or the scratching of pen on paper. To all appearances, the man seemed extremely serious and respectable.
On the desk, there was a nameplate that read Zachary Herbert.
The silence was broken by the buzzing of his cell phone. He took it out, looked at the name on the screen, and started to smile. Gradually, the smile grew until it turned into an obscene grin. No longer was he the serious scholar from moments before.
Zachary had a reputation for being a creep toward women, and many of the female staff tried to avoid him whenever they could.
Unfortunately, sick people needed doctors. They could avoid such unsavory people as Zachary in daily life, but when they needed medical treatment, they had to accept whatever doctor was available.
No one would risk their life because their doctor was unpleasant.
There was a knock on the door. Zachary adopted a dignified expression and called out, “Come in.”
When the door opened, Darius walked in. 
“Brother-in-law!”
The
 man greeted him with a broad smile.
Zachary frowned. “I’ve told you many times that the hospital is a public place. You can’t call me brother-in-law here. You have to use my official title!”
“
Of course, Director.
 I’m sorry!” Darius said.
“It’s Deputy Director!” Zachary snapped. “Don’t let the director hear you calling me that. People will start to talk.”
“You have excellent academic qualifications and more than twenty years of medical experience,” Darius said, scowling. “You have published your papers in many famous domestic medical journals and even published several medical books. And you’ve 
unreservedly contributed your time to teach younger doctors. You’d be a much better director of this hospital than the current one.”
Zachary smiled and waved his hand. “Okay, Darius, that’s a bit much,” he said. “I’ve made a good start, and you know I’d like the job at some point, but we don’t know how things are going to play out in the future.”
“It’s true,” Darius admitted. “I don’t know how everything will work out. But as far as the junior doctors in our hospital are concerned, they are all trained using the books that you have spent your career producing.”
“I’ve always said that 
us
 more experienced doctors should do what we can to help the next generation,” Zachary said with another wave of his hand. He looked very smug.
Darius looked at his brother-in-law with a fixed smile. 
Do you really think of yourself as a guiding light?
he
 thought. 
You’re shameless. 
If I didn’t use my connections to help you, which of those young doctors would be willing to buy your stupid books?
Everyone in the hospital knows that your theses were written by the doctoral students who are interning here!
Outwardly, he continued to flatter Zachary. “You’re not old at all. I saw my sister a few days ago. Judging from her rosy face, I think the two of you must keep each other young.” 
Zachary laughed heartily. “You’re absolutely right, Darius,” he said. “As doctors, we should first take good care of our own health so that we can treat patients and make them more confident, right? So, what can I do for you?”
“Alex called and wanted to visit me, but I refused,” Darius said. “Other departments have already met him, but I’ve given him a taste of his own medicine.”
“Well done,” Zachary said. “Carry on. But 
remember,
 don’t let others find out what we’re doing. You can’t leave any evidence.”
“You can rest assured that I know what to do,” Darius said. Then he hesitated.
“What is it?” Zachary asked.
“Look, you said that Lindsey Marvel is involved in this matter,” Darius said. “If we do this, and Lindsey finds out, then aren’t we just asking for trouble? It doesn’t matter what she does to us. After all, as long as you’re here, we’ll be fine. But what if she comes after you? What then?”
“Don’t worry,” Zachary said. “I can deal with Lindsey. No matter how capable she is, she won’t be able to bring me down. Besides, I also have someone in my corner.” 
“Of course,” Darius said. Then he tried to change the subject. “Zachary, I’m the head of the surgical department, but I’d like a change. The Director of Purchasing is retiring soon, so perhaps I can move there. What do you say?”
“I’ll think about it,” Zachary said vaguely before turning back to the book on his desk.
“Well,” Darius said. “I can see you’re busy.” Then he left the office, silently cursing his brother-in-law.
**
In the general manager’s office of the factory, Alex’s business advisor, Hank Long, looked at Alex in surprise. “So, you want to invite business leaders here?” he asked.
Alex nodded slightly and said, “Yes, but not just anybody. We’ll invite the dealers we already have relationships with, and at the same time, invite some other interested and reputable people. We will then encourage them to buy Slim Treasure and promote it through their own channels, rather than going directly to the hospitals.”
Hank had been recommended by Cam, and Alex trusted him. Moreover, Hank was very serious and knew his own mind. Alex had decided that when the pharmaceutical factory’s business was on the right track, he would leave it to Hank to take care of it. He had decided to no longer pay attention to worldly affairs to concentrate on more spiritual things. But Hank was still unclear about what had brought about the change in Alex’s strategy.