So many fighters had already put their lives on the line and lost. They had thrown everything they had at Alex, but he had met them at every turn and had fought with a mixture of physical strength and stunning inner power.
He had taken on several immortals and had emerged victorious, and he had even broken through the barrier of space and time, allowing him to destroy Cadel.
Now, he forcefully grabbed a white-bearded priest and killed him before anyone could react. He dropped the man’s body and just continued fighting.
Everyone felt a chill run down their spines.
In just a few minutes, Alex had killed seven fighters, and he had barely broken a sweat. How could they not be shocked and frightened? He was clearly too strong for them to defeat.
The remaining fighters all trembled as if buckets of cold water had been poured over their heads.
Under the leadership of the triune, they had thought that they would be able to fight Alex. They hadn’t expected him to be able to withstand a sustained attack from so many warriors, and now they weren’t sure what to do.
Alex stood in front of the crowd. His energy was overflowing, and he was completely unharmed.
Everyone eyed him nervously. How were they supposed to fight someone like that?
They couldn’t kill him, but he could destroy them with a casual strike of his palm. Even the idea of facing such a powerful warrior made them despair.
Asher spread his wings and soared up to the sky. His golden hair flew up like flames, and a bright white light shot out from his eyes, nose, ears, and mouth. He had pushed the power of light in his body to the extreme.
A sharp white light spread out from his palm and gradually grew until it turned into a sword made of energy.
Asher held the huge sword of light and slashed fiercely at Alex. The light was blinding, and at first, it was difficult to see anything else. But after a moment, it solidified and turned golden.
Alex’s expression grew serious. He stretched out his arm and moved his hand in a very precise pattern, summoning his power.
The air started to vibrate, and mist gathered from all directions, coalescing into a huge white hand shape, which Alex used to block Asher’s sword attack.
The shining golden light sword slashed into the misty hand, but to everyone’s surprise, there was no earth-shattering explosion. Instead, the sword simply sank into the mist, and no matter how hard Asher fought, it was eventually swallowed up.
Then Alex raised his hand and the white fog dissipated. A brilliant golden sword dropped from it, landing on the cliffs on the far side of the valley. Suddenly, a thunderous sound was heard, as if an explosive had just been detonated. Everyone looked over in shock and realized that the sword had opened a huge hole in the side of the mountain.
Asher’s attack had been truly terrifying, but what was even more frightening was that Alex had defeated it so easily. How many special abilities and techniques did Alex have? No one dared imagine.
“My turn,” Alex yelled. “You’ve repeatedly attacked me, and now I get to respond!”
He rose into the sky as if he were climbing a heavenly staircase. Dazzling light shone out of his hand, turning into a thin blade. Then he stepped into the sky and flew toward Asher. The blade seemed to become stronger as he traveled, and it kept flickering.
The powerful sword attack had left Asher a little breathless, and even his white wings had dulled slightly. But he pulled himself together, condensed more golden light into a sword, and rushed toward Alex.
The two of them exchanged blows, and their blades collided at a speed invisible to the naked eye. To those watching, it was as if two gods were fighting in the air.
Ten seconds later, Alex struck with force, cutting through Asher’s sword of light, and slashing his shoulder.
Asher let out a miserable cry as he crashed to the ground. The wound on his shoulder was bleeding freely, and oddly, the blood carried a bit of white light.
Ten minutes after the battle had begun, someone from the triune had already been injured.
“Damn it,” Reagan shouted. “Let’s attack together!”
His eyes began to glow as he ran toward Alex, generating lightning power as he moved.
One step, two steps, three steps.
With every step he took, his lightning power grew a little stronger. By the seventh step, he was almost at full strength.
He was completely without fear. His face was flushed red as he took the eighth step, and then there was an immense clap of thunder.
Bright electric light materialized on his body and lit up the ground all around him. His veins started to bulge, and he roared furiously as he took the ninth step.
The lightning sparking over his body turned from white to pure gold.
The golden lightning danced around him, making him look like a god of thunder who had come down to Earth. Even his eyes were enveloped by the golden light, and he was almost twice as strong as before, even stronger than Asher.
But Asher and the others were scowling as they watched, realizing that Reagan was going all out.
The power Reagan was harnessing was immense, but it was not without risks. If he pushed it too far or tried to maintain it for too long, then there was a chance that it could kill him before he had a chance to use it.
Obviously, Reagan also knew this, but he let out a thunderous roar and continued rushing toward Alex, his body becoming pure golden lightning.
When the Fool saw this, he let out a long sigh and asked, “Old friend, is it really worth the risk?”
As he spoke, he took out a small green snake from inside his shirt. He looked at it, and then he threw it into the air, casting a spell on it. Instantly, the snake’s body expanded and exploded, turning into a green mist.
Within the mist, the shadow of a crimson snake appeared. Multicolored mist swirled around it, and fainter snake shadows could be seen within the red snake. 
Everyone recognized it as the snake curse.