When Alex had mentioned the spring water, the Dark Wolf King had remained expressionless. However, as soon as Alex said the word “tricolor flower," the king’s face turned pale, and all the wolves took a step forward, howling crazily.
“Don’t even look at our divine wolf flower,” the king warned him. “Go anywhere near it, and you will become the sworn enemy of my tribe. Even if we had to chase you to the ends of the earth, we wouldn’t rest until we’d destroyed you.”
He shook his wooden staff for emphasis and growled. Then the werewolves howled at Alex again.
The flower was their tribe’s most precious treasure, and it only bloomed once every hundred years. Any werewolf who consumed it would have a chance to evolve, purifying their bloodline, and becoming much stronger.
Alex looked at the werewolf with scorn. “What divine wolf flower?” he asked. “That is a tricolor flower. How could an overgrown dog like you know the true worth of such a plant?”
He knew what the wolves were planning, but purifying the bloodline was only a side effect of the tricolor flower. Its true power could be used to gain immortality, and he couldn’t afford to let the werewolves unleash its power.
“Look, you and your pack need to get out of the valley,” he said. “Otherwise, I’ll be forced to slaughter your entire tribe.”
He stood with his arms folded across his chest and added, “Go!”
The werewolves responded with countless 
howls,
 their muzzles raised toward the sky.
Their leader shouted above the howling, “Kill them all! Leave none of them alive!” He raised his cane and pointed it at Alex and the others.
Unleashed by his order, more than one hundred werewolves sped past the king toward Alex and the others. Their crimson eyes shone with a cruel light. In their eyes, humans were just food, and Alex and the others were so full of energy that they would undoubtedly taste delicious.
“Right then. I guess we’d better fight.” Asher smiled bitterly and pulled out his golden sword.
“Indeed. I don’t see that we have much choice.” The Fool pulled out a black and white spear, his expression grim.
Alex didn’t speak; he simply threw out a punch. A bright purple light shot out from his fist toward the first werewolf, who was charging at him, instantly sending the creature flying like a bowling ball. Alex then rushed into the pack of wolves like a gust of wind, sending bodies scattering with a quick succession of punches and kicks.
But the werewolves’ physical bodies had a strength comparable to that of a grand master. After landing on the ground, they only felt dizzy for a moment before they were able to get up and rush toward Alex again.
More of the wolves started fighting with the immortals. Soon Alex’s team was surrounded, and the superior numbers of the werewolves started to tell. The immortals couldn’t hold on much longer. After all, there were only a dozen of them compared to more than a hundred werewolves on the other side.
One older immortal was surrounded by four or five wolves, and despite his best efforts, in the blink of an eye, they had torn him to pieces.
“If this continues, we will all die here!” The Fool sent one werewolf flying with his spear. Seeing the situation worsening around him, and seeing everyone struggling to hold on, he began to despair.
Louis had escaped death at the hands of one wolf, but as he hauled himself up from the ground, he saw that there were wolves all around him. He sucked in a breath of cold air and prepared to fight again.
Even Asher was helpless under the siege of a dozen werewolves.
The immortals looked at Alex. They knew they couldn’t hold on much longer, and he was their last hope.
Alex let out a heaven-shaking, earth-shattering roar. Then he began to move, and with a loud bang, he again broke the space-time barrier.
He renewed his attack with all his strength, now holding a ray of purple light he could use as a whip. In an instant, he stood in front of a tall werewolf and cracked the purple whip. The werewolf didn’t even have the chance to react. As the whip hit him, his whole body exploded.
The sound of Alex breaking through the boundary of time and space was heard for miles around. A cloud of white fog spread out in all directions, and a sound like a fighter jet passing by at low altitude spread throughout the entire valley.
The noise finally grabbed the attention of those wolves who had not yet entered the fight. They felt disorientated, as if they had just woken up from a dream, and they looked at Alex with shock, their red eyes shrinking in fear.
Alex’s new strength was terrifying. He had destroyed a werewolf with just one strike of his whip, which was a different kind of power than any that he had previously demonstrated.
The werewolves were unable to respond to Alex’s attack because it came with such speed and such force. They wondered if Alex could kill one of them with a simple punch. Then they realized that he could defeat all the one hundred and thirty-seven werewolves in the valley by delivering just one hundred and thirty-seven punches.
Even the Dark Wolf King was surprised by Alex’s attack, and he narrowed his eyes as he watched.
But then he quickly shouted to the werewolves, “Attack together! Don’t be afraid. His body can’t withstand the burden of breaking through the boundary of time and space too many times.”
When the surrounding werewolves heard this, they immediately let out shrill howls and again advanced on Alex. Apart from a few werewolves who were still dealing with Asher and the others, almost one hundred werewolves joined the attack on Alex. He was clearly their strongest opponent, so they wanted to eliminate him.
Alex laughed. “Is that the best you can do?”
He stomped on the ground lightly, and with a loud bang, he broke through the boundary of time and space once again. Then he punched a female werewolf as she leaped through the air at him, killing her instantly.
He stood there, perfectly calm, as more werewolves ran at him.
The wolves’ eyes turned red, and they snarled as they flew toward him with outstretched claws that were sharp enough to tear steel. Their running speed was extremely fast, and they could leap long distances. Moreover, these werewolves lived together all year round, so they instinctively worked as a pack, helping them to coordinate their attack.
The ground was soon covered by deep claw marks, and the noise of their battle carried across the valley.
Facing this attack that could tear apart a god’s body, Alex merely smiled. With a sway of his body, he broke through the boundary of time and space once more. He reappeared some distance away, and with a shoulder strike, he knocked down a short werewolf who had been standing nearby.
When his speed reached supersonic, Alex didn’t even need to work hard. His physical body became a powerful weapon, and the impact of his punches was like a fighter jet crashing into the earth. Regardless of what kind of being he attacked, they would all be crushed into nothing.
“Three,” Alex announced, and then he paused for a moment. Then, under the gaze of the numerous 
wolves
 intent on killing him, he once again broke through the boundaries of space and time.
“Four.” With a casual wave of his hand, he dropped another werewolf.
“Five.” Yet another werewolf sank to the ground. Again and again, Alex attacked, each time with deadly efficiency.
“Ten!” Alex broke the neck of a werewolf. By now, he had killed ten werewolves within ten seconds. Although they were fearsome predators, unlike martial grand masters, who had all kinds of amazing skills, these werewolves could only rely on their physical strength. As they first attacked, they had been snarling, but then their voices had gradually quietened. Now, with ten of their own kind dead, all the werewolves were beginning to despair.