In the face of such a powerful man who could kill with a flick of his finger, no matter how brutal the Dark Wolf King was, he knew to respect his enemy.
His hand began to tremble. Every time Alex broke through the space-time boundary, it was as if the king were being slapped in the face. His heart hurt as each wolf fell, because they were his sons.
But Alex had broken through the boundary of space and time ten times in a row now, with barely more than a single breath in between. He had also fought hard earlier, and overall, he had broken the space-time barrier almost twenty times in just one day. Even with his new power, he needed to stop. He took a deep breath.
The Dark Wolf King was watching Alex closely. “Was I right about him over-using his power?” he asked the wolves closest to him. “Look, he can’t withstand it too many times.” He spotted his opportunity. “Boys, attack now, and spill his blood. Use his soul to pay tribute to our dead brothers. Whoever can kill him will have the right to consume the tricolor flower and become the next king!”
The surrounding wolves all let out world-shaking howls.
A few exceptionally tall males rushed out of the crowd and glared ferociously at Alex. As far as they were concerned, Alex was now their ticket to the throne of the Wolf King.
Alex sneered at them. “Come on then. But you should know that you’re courting death!”
Even when he didn’t rely on his full powers, he was still a force to be reckoned with. He casually waved his hand, sending a wave of power into the sky. It exploded in midair, turning into countless fireballs, lightning bolts, and spears of ice, which shot directly toward the wolves.
This was a skill that Alex had adapted to make it more effective. Five werewolves died in the explosions. Even though they were some of the clan’s strongest males, they couldn’t withstand the attack. Dozens more were injured by the blasts, but the wolves’ healing ability was very powerful. As long as they hadn’t lost any limbs, they could recover quickly, and soon many were getting to their feet again.
As the injured wolves dragged themselves back up, four giant werewolves attacked Alex. Their claws were exceptionally sharp, and each swipe left a sharp white mark in the air, like the attack of a grand master.
These four giants were many times stronger than ordinary werewolves. Alex realized the danger they posed and responded to them with a powerful purple light, which he formed into a blade. It was so delicate it hardly looked like a blade at all, but appeared to be more like an embroidery needle.
Alex lifted his finger, and the blade flickered, blocking four sharp sets of claws, all reaching for him with deadly intent. The seemingly indestructible claws were slashed by the sharp purple light, leaving deep scars. But, maddened by bloodlust, the four giant wolves didn’t care about their injuries and continued to attack Alex.
Those looking on saw a purple ray of light revolving around the four black figures at an extremely fast speed.
Alex fought with them, moving faster and faster. The dazzling purple blade expanded until it was three foot long, leaving only a thin layer of purple light. Almost every swing of the blade left a deep mark on the body of one of the wolves.
In a matter of moments, the four giant werewolves were riddled with wounds from which blood flowed freely. They still wanted to continue fighting, but the loss of blood was making them increasingly weak.
Finally, Alex saw an opening, and the blade flashed as he cut the three closest attackers with one slash. Then the blade’s light intensified, slicing through the darkness.
The last werewolf automatically reached out his hands to block the blow, but Alex’s blade was too fast and powerful, and the wolf fell, his wounds too severe to survive.
The remaining werewolves felt a deep sadness, and the king’s hands were now trembling so violently that he was almost unable to hold his cane. Each of the giant werewolves had been an elite member of his tribe. The death of one was more devastating than the death of ten ordinary werewolves.
He roared out in pain. “We must attack together. We will kill him. We will tear him apart!”
The werewolves all surrounded him, growling deep in their throats as they stared at Alex.
“Do you think you have beaten me?” the king called to him.
Alex only snorted. Then he disposed of the blade of light and took out a piece of cold black iron. He had painstakingly created a weapon that perfectly combined modern technology with ancient knowledge.
He raised the iron, and blue currents of electricity gushed out and flew toward the pack of wolves. Again, the wolf tribe suffered heavy casualties, as they had no defense against a weapon like this.
The Dark Wolf King could no longer bear it, and he let out an earth-shaking roar. He tore off all his clothes as his body expanded beyond recognition.
“So, you dare to slaughter my people?” he asked. “Now you must face me, and I will kill you for what you have done.”
Nobody had seen such a transformation before. The king’s body first expanded, and then his head began to elongate. His thighs, arms, and chest were all gradually filled with powerful muscles. Like a balloon filled with air, he went from being a hunchbacked old wolf into a super werewolf who was more than nine feet tall.
Unlike the other werewolves, his entire body was now snowy white, like an Arctic wolf, and his eyes were as red as blood.
“I gave you a chance, but you refused to listen,” the giant white wolf said to Alex.
He grinned, and then a tremendous wave of spiritual energy burst forth from his body and swept across the entire valley. A loud roar echoed in everyone’s mind. His aura was so powerful that it surpassed that of any other werewolf.
Once he had revealed his true form, Alex’s team was horrified. 
“Surely that will be more than a match for Alex now?” Asher murmured.
The Fool and the others all mirrored Asher’s despair.
How would Alex deal with this new threat?