Alex taunted his opponent. “If you were a pureblood, then I wouldn’t have been a match for you after you awakened the great abilities of the Diabolic Wolf King.” As he spoke, the flames flared brightly.
The dazzling golden flames suddenly expanded, turning into two crimson dragons. They circled in the air and swept toward the king. As they flew toward him, the white hair on the wolf’s body glowed orange as if he had been set on fire.
The Diabolic Wolf King could no longer afford to laugh at Alex. He desperately drew on his powers of ice and snow, and then he blew out the coldest air he could produce to combat Alex’s golden flames.
The flames produced an intense fire that burned everything it encountered. However, the king was still a divine-stage veteran. He had cultivated his skills for over one hundred years, and the extreme cold he produced was enough to freeze the soul. Although he couldn’t resist the flaming attack, he was able to protect himself.
To those watching below, it was as if a huge golden flame was burning the vast ball of ice. Although the ice ball was getting smaller and weaker due to the flames, it somehow stayed intact. Alex wasn’t too surprised by this, as he knew the wolf’s power was still strong.
He smiled as he called out to the king, “Do you think that you will be safe from me with just a little ice?”
He raised both hands and stamped his feet, and then he summoned his energy once more.
A fiery-red, flower-like crystal appeared in Alex’s left hand. He turned his palm outward, and it shot toward the huge snowball with a swoosh.
The ball of ice, which had already shrunk considerably, had withstood the burning of the golden flames. But faced with this red crystal, it proved to be no defense at all. It was instantly pierced, and the Diabolic Wolf King staggered under the blow, letting out a miserable howl.
The ice ball shook violently and almost collapsed. Through the transparent wall, everyone could see that the Diabolic Wolf King’s head had dropped to his chest, and his body was violently shaking.
Alex’s punch had almost destroyed the king’s heart, but he was fighting hard to control the pain and heal himself.
The red crystal was the form of the flames, and it specialized in attacking the soul. It could burn the soul and turn people to ash.
The king’s head drooped lower and lower. He curled himself into a defensive ball behind what remained of his ice shield and lay there, breathing heavily. His crimson eyes glared at Alex with unforgiving hatred. As he lay there, the king suffered unprecedented pain. The feeling of his soul being burned was worse than anything he had previously experienced.
“Alex,” he called, “how dare you attack my soul? I will tear you into pieces and eat you bit by bit!” Gathering what remained of his strength, he roared wildly and released a huge wave of energy in all directions.
Alex frowned, thinking quickly. Although the flames he had released could burn the soul, the king had accumulated power over one hundred years, and his mental strength was immense. He had only burned a small part of the king’s soul, so it hadn’t caused much damage to the powerful werewolf.
He shrugged. “If one crystal is not enough, then I’ll send you more!” An even more beautiful red crystal appeared between his open palms. As it appeared in the sky, the king began to tremble in fear.
Tilting his open palms at his opponent, Alex threw the crystal. As it crashed against the ice, it dispersed what little remained of the king’s protection.
The instant the ice vanished, the Diabolic Wolf King was burned by Alex’s divine flame, and his fur turned to ash. Even the skin on his body was burned, but his incredible ability to recover allowed him to endure the burning flames.
He rushed toward Alex, yelling, “I’m going to tear you apart!”
Accompanied by a violent roar, he activated his full potential. With a bang, he broke through the boundary of time and space, pulling out a long, golden-tailed flame from the air and striking at Alex.
“I’m ready for you!” Alex shouted as he stepped forward to meet him. His body turned into a ray of light, and again, he broke through the space-time barrier.
They collided violently at full speed. They didn’t use any martial arts or spells; they simply relied on their physical bodies. 
A violent explosion echoed in the air above the valley.
A huge cloud ring, with the two of them at the center, swept in all directions. The fluctuation in the air pressure was felt over a large area, and all the creatures in the valley were momentarily dizzy with the impact.
This time, the Diabolic Wolf King was sent flying and crashed into the mountain. The force of the contact altered him beyond recognition, shattering his bones and briefly stopping his heart. 
Meanwhile, Alex had only been forced back a dozen or so steps. He shook his head to clear it, but he was completely unharmed.
“Again!” Alex shouted and stomped his foot in the air. Once again, he broke through the boundary of time and space. Like a cannonball, he charged toward the Diabolic Wolf King. The king gritted his teeth and mustered all his courage, and then he charged toward Alex.
This time, the collision was even more terrible. The king was sent flying from the mountain all the way down the valley. The two of them rolled together along the valley floor, knocking over any werewolves who didn’t get out of the way quickly enough. Even one of the tribe’s chief warriors almost died when he was flung against a rock. When Alex and the king finally lost momentum, the Diabolic Wolf King was barely alive.
In just a few breaths’ time, however, the king began to recover slightly.
“I told you already. You can’t kill me.” He grinned, even though he was now blind in one eye.
Alex’s face was expressionless. He once again broke through the boundary of time and space, and then he threw out nine punches in a row.
Each punch broke through the sound barrier and landed on the king’s body with enough force to kill a normal werewolf. But the king’s healing power was extraordinary, and even in this situation, he was still recovering quickly.
He wiped the blood from his mouth and laughed wildly. “I am immortal!”
Alex frowned. “You are indeed a descendant of the Dark Wolf tribe. Your irritating ability to recover was clearly passed down from the same line as that group of unkillable dogs. But do you think that is going to be enough to save you from me?”
He let out a long sigh and slowly extended his right hand. “I didn’t want to use this divine ability, but you’re forcing me to do it.”
The entire valley became silent. The expression froze on people’s faces, and even the water droplets stopped midair.