Donny spoke calmly. “Mr. Roper, I don’t know what you’re up to, but don’t waste your time. I would never do anything that goes against Alex’s interests.”
Si looked up at Donny. “Mr. Fitzroy, please, you misunderstand us. My grandson was forced to do what he did. Please, we’ll do everything we can to make this right. He is willing to give you a hundred million dollars’ worth of property to atone for his deeds and to apologize to you.”
He sounded completely sincere.
Sam bit his tongue and remained quiet.
That was everything their family owned. Even the manor they now stood in was included in that sum. They would be penniless, and they would have to go to their relatives with their hats in their hands, begging for a place to stay.
His grandfather wanted to do this, and he had agreed, but he was badly regretting it now. Nevertheless, he stood there silently. He had always greatly respected his grandfather and had done everything he had asked.
Donny watched Si’s expression. He didn’t seem to be lying, but there was something he wasn’t saying. An undercurrent that Donny didn’t understand.
Then, he thought of a possibility, and his heart leaped.
On trembling legs, he walked to the door of the room and pushed it open.
Alex was sitting a few feet down the hallway, holding a steaming cup of coffee. He grinned up at Donny. “You finally came out. I’ve been waiting for quite a while.”
Donny trembled, and then he staggered down the hallway to Alex. When he reached him, his knees gave out, and he fell to the floor. “Alex, you’re back. I’m so sorry. I couldn’t help you at all while you were gone. I was useless to you.”
Alex looked at him. “Can you still walk?”
Donny nodded. “Yes. Yes, I can. Now that you’re here, my injuries are nothing.”
Alex put a hand on his shoulder and handed him a revival pill. “Good. Get up and follow me.”
Donny swallowed the pill. As soon as it hit his stomach, all the wounds on his body began to heal so quickly that he could see it happening.
In addition, he felt his inner power become several times stronger in an instant. His skills increased by leaps and bounds, and in the blink of an eye, he had reached the edge of being a martial arts master.
“Thank you, sir,” he said gratefully. “I’ll never forget this.”
“You deserve it,” Alex said, shrugging. “Now, get up. It’s time for the two of us to talk to the Roper family.”
Together, they walked back into the room, and Alex looked at the grandfather and grandson. “The Roper family of Baltimore,” he said. “How imposing you look.” 
The look on his face made Si quake in his boots.
“Mr. Ambrose, we know we made an awful mistake,” he said, rushing to explain. “We should never have coveted your secrets, and we never should have tried to force it out of Mr. Fitzroy. By way of apology, we are willing to give a hundred million dollars to Mr. Fitzroy.”
Alex looked closely at Si, noticing that his talent was impressive. Although he was in his forties, he had an extraordinary bearing and was overflowing with spiritual energy.
Just as Sam had said, Si was very close to becoming a divine-level expert, and he needed to learn how to cultivate his power.
Alex made a quick decision. “Si, would you like to work for me?” he asked.
Sam was flabbergasted. “Mr. Ambrose, Si is the backbone of our family,” he pointed out, somewhat helplessly. “If you really want to punish us, then let me devote the rest of my years to you. After all, I’m no longer young. I only hope that you won’t hurt the rest of the Roper family.”
Si was also puzzled. Alex had never hesitated to take his revenge, and those who offended him did not end up well. So why this sudden change of character?
“I can see that you have exceptional talent,” Alex said to Si. “If you are willing, then starting now, you will work for me for ten years. If you do your best, I will teach you techniques to hone your power.”
Sam couldn’t believe his ears. He had tried everything he could think of, and had even resorted to kidnapping to learn one of Alex’s techniques. Now Alex was offering to teach him.
“Mr. Ambrose, I can’t thank you enough,” he said.
“He’s determined and quick-witted, with an extraordinary temperament and aptitude,” Alex said. “Sam, you have a good grandson.” He turned to Si. “For the next ten years, you will serve the Ambrose family, and all the properties of the Roper family will belong to Donny. In ten years, I will pass the teachings on to you.”
Alex turned, stepped into the void, and disappeared.
Now that he had seen Donny gain a hundred million dollars’ worth of property, he was going to take the rest of the night off.
**
The capital, a bustling place, was also a place for martial arts families.
There was a hubbub of voices as countless handsome men and beautiful women wearing the latest fashions strolled down the sidewalks in the balmy night air. The wind rustled the leaves in the trees, and the moon shone brightly. Laughter rang out, and it was a lovely, peaceful evening.
Alex sat at a bar counter wearing a white shirt, jeans, and sports shoes. He was leisurely savoring a glass of wine, and by his elbow, there were already a dozen empty glasses, all of which he had drunk himself.
He sipped his wine and looked at the couples on the dance floor, who were enjoying themselves without a care, and he sighed with emotion.
“Bartender, over here,” he called.
A lovely young woman in a designer dress sat down on the seat next to him and ordered two fancy cocktails. 
The bartender selected some bottles. He smiled at the young lady and made a show out of mixing the drinks. Then he placed them in front of the woman and Alex.
Alex looked at the drink in front of him, and then at the woman.
“This is very pretty,” he said. “You must know something about drinks.”
The woman touched the glass, which had white wine on top and a layer of red wine on the bottom, as if it were on fire.