Alex finally opened his eyes, disturbed by the bickering taking place around him. He had been trying to hold onto the enlightenment and meditation that he had just experienced. His cultivation technique had advanced by leaps and bounds, and he had been hoping to stay in this state for a while.
Despite his best efforts, he was too distracted, and the feeling of enlightenment gradually faded away, annoying him greatly.
Jerry and Janet had been arguing for so long that they had forgotten about Alex.
“Who are you two talking about? And why are you still here?” he asked, startling them.
Only then did Jerry remember that he should be fighting this guy who had slept with his woman. Although Janet had only agreed to marry him to connect the two families and save Alex’s life, in Jerry’s mind, Janet was already his. So his woman getting a room with a stranger was not something he could accept.
Alex glanced over at Jerry and asked, “What’s your name again?”
Jerry was taken aback. He was proud of his family name and wondered how this man could be unaware of him. He straightened his spine and said proudly, “I’m Jerry Rimmer, the heir of the Rimmer family.”
“Never heard of them,” Alex replied nonchalantly.
Jerry and Janet were confused. 
Has he been living under a rock?
 they wondered. They found it hard to believe that there were still people who had never heard of the Rimmer family.
“What did you say?” Jerry thought maybe he had misheard.
“Are you deaf?” Alex asked, smirking.
Jerry was so angry that he was trembling. He pointed his finger in Alex’s face and said, “You dare to insult me like this? My family will tear you to pieces.”
Janet was amused by Alex’s behavior, but she looked at him with worry. He clearly didn’t know who he was talking to. After all, offending Jerry wouldn’t be without consequences. She knew what Jerry was like, and he would definitely seek revenge for even the smallest slight.
“You’re going to tear me to pieces, are you?” Alex asked, chuckling. He clasped his hands behind his back. “I’d like to see you try.”
Jerry was livid. “You can’t speak to me like that!” he said. “I’m going to teach you a lesson.” He rushed toward Alex with his fists raised. 
Janet couldn’t bear to watch Alex get beaten and hoped that he would back down and admit defeat before Jerry pounded the life out of him. Biting her lip, she wondered if she should call for help.
Her own family wasn’t afraid of the Rimmers, so perhaps she could use this opportunity to call off the engagement, which she hadn’t been happy about in the first place.
The Rimmers were a martial arts family, and although Jerry wasn’t of a high rank, he was still a capable martial artist with a lot of inner power. He was known for his skill and ability to knock someone unconscious with one punch. Alex looked like an ordinary person, so Jerry assumed Alex was no match for him and thought that one punch would easily knock him out. 
“Get out of the way!” Janet cried out, taking a step forward.
Jerry was fast, and there was no way she would be able to stop him because he was a martial artist who had mastered his inner power. He appeared in front of Alex, who didn’t even flinch. Alex’s hands were still behind his back, so he couldn’t even defend himself.
Janet was anxious, knowing that she was about to witness Alex being badly beaten, and she covered her eyes with both hands.
There was a strange sound and a scream, and she peeked through her fingers to find that Alex was still standing there with his hands behind his back. It didn’t seem like he had made a move at all.
She also didn’t see Jerry anymore, and she wondered if he had left the room and run away. She quickly found that not to be the case when she turned around and saw that he was hanging on the wall opposite the big bed with his arms outstretched.
Janet was also a descendant of a martial arts family, and although she had never trained, she knew martial arts very well. If Alex had been able to do that to Jerry, then it was obvious that his abilities were much stronger than Jerry’s.
What’s stronger than a martial artist 
who has mastered their inner power?
 she wondered, realizing he must be at least a master.
She looked at Alex in confusion. He seemed too young to be a master. If it was true, then it was no wonder he was so arrogant. Even within her family, he would stand out as being particularly gifted for someone so young.
No wonder he had dared to speak rudely to Jerry—he had always known that Jerry was no match for him.
Janet became lost in her thoughts, thinking that if she could somehow rope Alex into her family, then they would finally have a grand master. Maybe if she used her charm, she could marry him, and then the Warner Family would be his in-laws. That would be even better.
But first, she would have to ask her family to protect her. She couldn’t let the Rimmer family get what they wanted. She began to look for her phone, but she couldn’t find it anywhere, and her purse was missing.
Instead, she found Jerry’s wallet, which must have slipped out of his pocket when Alex had sent him flying across the room. As she bent down to pick it up, she found her own wallet just underneath the bed, and she was thrilled to find that nothing was missing.
She then picked up the phone that Jerry had used to threaten her and deleted the photos he had taken of her and Alex in the hotel room. Then she dialed her uncle’s number and asked him to pick her up.
Just as she hung up the phone, Jerry slid down from the wall and landed on the ground with a thud. Alex hadn’t killed him, even though it had appeared that way at first.
Slumped on the floor, he said defiantly, “I was wondering why you were so arrogant. I hadn’t realized you had so much inner power. I guess that’s why you think you can do whatever you want, but just you wait. You’re no match for my family. When they find out what you’ve done, you’re going to pay.”
He turned and wiped the blood from his split lip. He knew he couldn’t take Alex down on his own, so he stayed where he was. He reached his hand out to Janet and said, “Give me my phone.”
Now that the photos had been deleted, she didn’t mind giving it back. She tossed the phone over to him and said proudly, “I’ve already called my uncle. He’s got a pretty bad temper, so unless you want trouble, you better get out of here.”
Jerry shivered at the thought of her uncle. He knew exactly who she was talking about. There were two people in the city that no one wanted to mess with. The first was Chase Dillon of the Dillon family, and the second was Leroy Warner, Janet’s uncle.
Leroy had been practicing martial arts since he had been three-years-old. At the age of ten, his inner energy had already become that of a martial artist. Now, he was almost forty and had reached the peak of the master level. He was so strong and skilled that even a grand master would hesitate to mess with him.