Leroy was forced to let go of Alex. He put one of his arms on the ground and twisted it. This wasn’t the first time he had dislocated his shoulder, so he knew how to get it back in place.
He smiled at Alex and enthusiastically said, “Again!” the same way a child does when they go on a ride.
Alex had nothing to say to this barbaric brute. When Leroy reached out to grab him again, he took both of his hands and squeezed them so hard that Leroy collapsed to the ground.
“Uncle Leroy!” Janet screamed.
“I’m fine! I’m fine!” Leroy said, getting up. His eyes were bright as he rubbed his hands together and looked at Alex curiously. He then smiled and said, “You cheated and used your powers. Are you brave enough to compete with me with only your real physical strength?”
“I won’t move,” Alex said indifferently. “If you can make me move a step with your strength, then I will admit defeat.”
“Okay!” Leroy was a forthright man. When he had said that he would use his strength, he had meant he would use 
all
 his strength. He held Alex’s arms with both hands and pulled as hard as he could, but Alex didn’t move an inch.
Leroy, on the other hand, was so tired that he was panting. He sat on the ground to catch his breath and said, “I can’t move you. You win.”
Janet was embarrassed for her uncle. “Really? You can’t even move him a bit? Not even an inch?”
Leroy shook his head. “No. You don’t know his strength. He must be at least a grand master.”
Alex laughed. “You’re very strong. If you had held on a little longer, then perhaps I would have lost.”
Leroy shrugged. “If you lose, you lose. If you win, you win. I’m not ashamed. You are indeed stronger than me, but just wait. One day, I will manage to pull you off your feet.”
Alex nodded and said, “Maybe someday. But right now, I need you to do something for me.”
“What is it?” Leroy’s eyes widened.
“There are two people outside,” Alex said. “Go and chase them away.”
With his inner power, he could tell that Ray and Mason were currently walking into the hotel elevator.
“Okay!” Leroy quickly got up and walked out of the room. He was curious about why he needed to chase the men away, but he didn’t ask questions.
Janet didn’t know whether to laugh or cry about Leroy’s unguarded behavior. She didn’t know what the young man intended to do, so she decided to help her uncle.
Just as she was about to leave, she realized that she didn’t even know the man’s name or who, exactly, he was. She turned and looked at him again, only to discover that his face looked rather familiar, but she didn’t know where she had seen him before.
She thought that maybe he was a friend or acquaintance of the family, since the Warners had connections all over the place.
In front of her, the man looked as majestic as a war god, and she couldn’t believe that she hadn’t noticed it before. Even Leroy hadn’t realized quite how powerful his opponent was. He had only felt that it was fair to help him after he had lost to him.
Standing in front of the elevator, Leroy pressed the call button, and when the door opened, the two men that he had been sent to get rid of were already standing there. Both men were shocked to see Leroy standing there with his hands on his hips.
Their family knew everyone, so they were both familiar with Leroy and considered him the devil incarnate.
“Leroy?” Ray asked. “You’re the one who hit my son?”
He knew that Leroy was like a giant child who was always happy. He had the strength to crack a man’s skull, but he usually didn’t have any bad intentions, so they hoped that things weren’t as serious as they had seemed.
Leroy stared the two men down with a serious look on his face. “You should go,” he said. 
Ray was stunned. “My son, Jerry, is up here in the penthouse. I just want to get him and take him home. Okay, Leroy?”
Leroy shook his head. “Get lost. You can’t be here,” he said seriously. “I’ll leave after you leave.”
Ray was confused. 
What did he mean by that?
 he wondered. He didn’t know if his son was dead or alive, and he didn’t understand what Leroy’s intentions were.
He looked over at Mason helplessly, but Mason was just as confused.
He looked Leroy in the eye and asked, “Please just tell me—is Jerry okay? Is he still in the room?”
Leroy looked at Mason and shook his head. “No. You guys should leave now.”
Mason was also stunned. “Jerry called and said that he’s here. You’re not lying to me, are you?”
Leroy tilted his head and said, “I never lie. I already said that I don’t have him. If I did, I would have crushed him into mud a long time ago.”
Mason frowned. Leroy’s manner of speaking seemed very sincere, which meant that either Jerry had been wrong or that he had already escaped but hadn’t had a chance to tell Ray about it.
Ray knew how highly esteemed his family was. Even the Warners had shown them respect. It was very likely that Jerry had already escaped.
He turned to look at Mason, who returned his gaze, clearly suspicious.
“Leroy, let us go and take a look, will you?” Ray said.
Leroy was blocking them from exiting the elevator, and he still wouldn’t budge. He said the same thing as before, “You guys have to go.”
They didn’t know what else to do, and before they could say another word, Leroy pushed them further into the elevator and pressed the button for the lobby. He watched the door close, and then the two men went down to the hotel lobby.
Ray and Mason were furious, but they could do nothing in the face of such a brute. They knew they wouldn’t stand a chance in a fight with him.
“Why don’t you call Jerry and ask if he’s still there?” Mason asked. “Maybe they let him go.”
“I’ll check,” Ray said, reaching into his pocket. He had expected to grab his phone, but he found that it had disappeared.
“Where’s my phone?” he asked, checking all of his pockets but turning up nothing. He cursed and then said, “Today is really not my day.”
Mason then reached into his pocket, searching for his own phone, but his was also missing. His face turned pale. “We seem to have been robbed.”