Willard was confident that he could defeat Alex with this punch. Its power was constantly increasing, and even though Alex had slowed it down, he wouldn’t be able to withstand the power behind it.
But what Willard hadn’t expected was that when the two fists collided, a huge black hole would be created.
Within the black hole, innumerable tiny lightning bolts were striking at each other. Willard’s dragon energy was quickly destroyed, ripped to pieces, and absorbed into the black hole, which continued to grow, swallowing everything in its path. Without any hindrance, the black hole tore everything apart, including the ice dragon.
Everyone had thought that Alex would not be able to withstand Willard’s punch, but against Alex’s fist, his power was nothing.
Soon Willard’s arm was completely sucked into the black hole, and it was already too late for him to pull his arm back. The suction force of the black hole was so strong that it seemed like it was going to swallow his entire body.
How could Willard’s dragon power compare to such a terrifying force?
He felt a sense of despair, but he was still roaring furiously, unwilling to give up.
Willard roared aloud, and all the scales on his body suddenly vibrated and then fragmented. All over his body, dragon scales exploded, as if a thousand firecrackers had been set off.
“Even if we destroy everything, you will die with me!” he shouted at Alex.
His desperate attack would have defeated most opponents, but Alex was not just any opponent. 
Facing Willard’s attack, Alex said, “The world needs balance. There can’t only be darkness. How can there be no light?”
As he spoke, he raised his arm, and the darkness of the night twisted, rolling away and leaving the sky blazing with light.
At the foot of the mountain, the crowd was amazed as they murmured to each other.
“Oh my god! It’s dawn. How can it be dawn?”
“Damn, that is a huge sun!”
“What is going on? How could this happen? Is that guy even human?”
As they spoke, they all kept their eyes fixed on the top of the mountain. Nobody wanted to miss a moment of this battle.
The black hole suddenly lit up, turning into a dazzling white light.
A huge repelling force was produced, and Willard’s fist and arm were spat out. This force was extremely strong, and Willard was facing directly into it. The dragon scales were all returned to his body. When Willard had summoned them, they had been under his control, but now they returned with such speed that they pierced his body.
Thousands of hard dragon scales impaled him, and his newly transformed muscular body sagged like a deflated balloon. He instantly became dispirited.
The force of the blast sent him flying down from the mountain to fall into the endless forest. Nobody knew whether he was alive or dead.
The spectators gasped with horror and turned to each other.
“Is it over?”
“Willard Rimmer has lost.”
“That wasn’t a fight; that was an epic battle!”
“Alex has defeated Willard. What will that mean for the Rimmers?”
Everyone discussed the fight animatedly, while the Rimmer family members stood off to one side in a huddle, discussing what had just taken place in low voices.
“Is Willard dead?”
“No way. I’m sure he’s immortal, so how could he possibly die?”
“Should we go and look for him?”
Zoe’s face was ashen, but she thought quickly. “Where is Flora?” she asked. “She must be nearby. Go and get her. Our grand master was no match for Alex, but if we capture Flora, then Alex won’t dare to act rashly.”
Her eyes were filled with rage as she gritted her teeth and said, “Get going. Are we really going to just wait and see what Alex does next?”
The corner of her mouth curled into a cruel smile. “The relationship between big families is defined by blood. If I don’t do this, will Alex let our family just walk away?” 
A trace of worry flashed across the eyes of the old man standing behind her. His anxiety stemmed from a tenderness for her that he had hidden for many years.
“I don’t like it,” he said, “but I will do what you say!”
His body straightened up like a redwood tree until he became so tall that no one dared to look directly at him. He looked around, and then he withdrew from the crowd behind Zoe.
When the old man disappeared, Alex was still standing on the mountain. His entire body was shining with golden light.
I never suspected that this battle would strengthen me so much, 
he thought.
 I feel ready to fight again. Willard only took a punch, and that shouldn’t have killed him, so where did he go?
He used his power to enhance his senses and quickly discovered that Willard was still alive in the depths of the forest.
“Something’s different,” he murmured, looking in that direction.
A golden light suddenly sprang from the ground and shot into the sky. As it shone upward, a small, dark cloud slowly drifted over. Within the cloud, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled., but the bright sunlight surrounded it.
The crowd gaped at it, exclaiming among themselves.
“Heavens! Look. What is that?”
“Golden light soaring into the sky. Is it a miracle?”
“It seems to be coming from where Willard landed.”
A martial artist shouted excitedly, “That’s the lightning tribulation! Golden light shot up into the sky and triggered it. That’s a sign that someone is about to become a god!”