When Evan and Antoine heard Alex say that Paula’s strength might have already surpassed theirs, they were unconvinced. After all, they had been trying to strengthen their abilities for decades. When Paula had left, she had been at a similar level to the two of them, but there had still been a gap between them. So how could she have surpassed them?
After all, Antoine had reached the level of having two golden cores.
But to Alex, that was nothing, even if it was the best of the best on Earth. Someone with two golden cores didn’t need to worry about nuclear weapons, because he could easily avoid attacks. He could also suddenly appear next to anyone and kill them.
That kind of person was a deterrent to any country.
It was precisely because of the existence of such people that countries were careful not to recklessly start wars.
Many years ago, during a period when the country had been weak, if it hadn’t been for Antoine and the others appearing out of nowhere, then the country would have been destroyed.
For a long time, the existence of Antoine, Evan, and even Paula had helped the country to establish a foothold in the world.
They had expended a lot of effort, and they had been extremely powerful.
At first, Antoine and Evan had been happy when Alex had appeared, because they had known how much more powerful the country could be with him onside.
But now that Alex had said Paula was stronger than them, they were not convinced he knew what he was talking about.
“You don’t believe me?” Alex asked.
He smiled at them, and then he raised his hand and drew an image that only the two of them could see.
In the picture, a tall immortal was lying in a river of stars. He raised his hand, and a planet popped out like a marble. Then he grabbed some of the stars and swallowed them like he was eating snacks.
Evan could tell at a glance that the galaxy being devoured was the Milky Way, and that the planet that had popped out was the Earth.
When Antoine saw this, he was so shocked that he couldn’t speak for a moment. Then he looked at Alex and said, “I thought you had been working hard to gain power, and you have improved so quickly. But now, it seems like you came from the heavens.” He pointed to the sky.
 “No, that’s nonsense,” Alex said, laughing. “I’m from somewhere even greater. In the ancient world, there were humans and immortals, and there are people more powerful than you could ever imagine, all at different stages of development.
“You’re at the golden core stage, but in that other world, that stage is just the beginning. From the golden core stage, everyone has to endure endless tribulations and must face greater and greater trials. There are eighty-nine challenges in all.
“A true immortal can step on a planet, devour the sun and moon, and use the Milky Way as a bed and the planets as toys. They can roam freely wherever and whenever they wish. They’re nothing like you.
“For people not at the golden core stage, they wouldn’t be able to avoid being torn apart. They couldn’t go out into the universe alone. For example, both of you can leave Earth. You can experience the outside world and see how wonderful it is. It makes Earth seem so boring.”
Everyone was spellbound, and Evan and Antoine both felt tiny and insignificant. They hadn’t realized there was such a large world outside this one. They had been so proud of themselves and their achievements, but now they didn’t seem so important, after all.
They realized that Alex must be the reincarnation of an ancient celestial being, or else how would he know so much?
Alex looked up into the sky, and his eyes were filled with an endless longing. “If I reach the peak again, then I’ll run amuck in the galaxy,” he said, smiling. “I’ll no longer suffer from the lightning tribulation, and I will become the supreme god!”
Antoine looked at Alex enviously, and he, too, longed for such a connection with the universe.
**
Far away, on the other side of the earth, there was a forest with immortal energy swirling around it. And within the forest was the Jade Lake.
Paula’s eyes were tightly shut as she sat there, meditating and gradually growing stronger.
Over the years, she had become one with the aura around her.
Suddenly, she opened her eagle-like eyes, and two extremely long flames shot out and burned a piece of dead wood into ashes.
As that piece of wood burned, the surrounding environment changed again.
I have been changing continuously for more than thirty years,
 she thought. 
Because of that, my strength has grown a lot. Unfortunately, the next level seems too difficult. If I were given another thirty years, I’m afraid I still wouldn’t be able to comprehend it completely.
She shook her head. 
One more day, 
she thought.
 I will meditate on it for one more day.
The woman had long forgotten that she had only wanted to meditate for a few days, but in the end, she had lost herself here. She had remained year after year, constantly getting lost in her meditation.
However, this time, no matter what she did, she couldn’t enter a meditative state.
What’s going on? 
she thought.
She seemed to have lost her way, and her mind was completely blank, losing any insight she might have gained from her latest meditation.
She frowned, raised her hand, and grabbed a handful of fine sand from the ground. It gently drifted back to the floor. Then she closed her eyes and concentrated, trying to work out what was bothering her.
Moments later, her eyes flew open. 
Something’s happened to Zoe
! she thought. 
I’ve been here at Jade Lake for over thirty years, and I even forgot about my family. I really shouldn’t have done that. 
She sighed. 
Forget it. This is fate. My mind is now in chaos, so it’s useless to continue meditating. I should go back and discover who has been so bold as to kill my younger sister!
She got up and straightened her clothes. Then she walked away from the lake and out of the forest.
**
Alex looked at Antoine, holding Paula’s spirit tablet in his hand. He knew that once she left Jade Lake, she would never stop hunting him.
“It’s not easy to enter the Jade Lake,” Antoine said. Then he hesitated for a moment before continuing. “The Jade Lake, the Mayan Temple, Pembroke Island, and the Kunlun holy lands are collectively known as the four great danger zones on Earth!”
“Four great danger zones?” Alex repeated, looking at Antoine with interest.
“They are located in the south of the world and are protected by many divine beasts,” Antoine explained. “There are also many tombs left behind by the ancient gods. The dangers within are hard to predict. Do you really intend to go to Jade Lake?”
“I won’t be going for the time being,” Alex said. “I have to return home first.”
Alex looked down at his mother in his arms. He could already imagine how excited his father would be to see her.