Everyone stood there, speechless. Arthur
had just killed a woman in front of their eyes, and he had killed her so effortlessly, with just a single point of his finger.
They were all frightened, as they had never seen such a brutal scene before.
After a few moments, a man from the crowd said, “Let’s attack him together and get rid of him once and for all.”
Everyone looked at one another and nodded.
Several men who had been thrown to the ground got back up. They picked up their tools and rushed toward Arthur again.
Arthur gave them a sinister smile. “So, you think you can challenge me,” he said. “Do you know who I am?”
Then he rolled his sleeves up and charged at them. Several minutes later, all the men lay on the ground, howling in pain.
When they looked at Arthur again, he no longer had the calm and peaceful expression he had worn before. Instead, he looked terrifying.
“He killed someone,” shouted a man as he got up from the ground. “We can’t let him get away with that.”
Arthur turned his head and looked at the man, who immediately fell to the ground as if he had been struck by lightning. He gave a slight twitch, and then there was no more movement.
Everyone gasped.
The young boy finally recovered from his shock and ran to his mother’s side. “Mom! Mom!” he cried. He shook her, trying to wake her up, but no matter what he did, the woman lay still on the ground. The boy regretted taking the lollipop and vowed not to take anything else the old man gave him.
But it was too late. The price of taking the lollipop had been too great, and the young boy couldn’t bear it and let out a wail.
“You evil man!” he yelled. “Why did you kill my mother? You’re going to pay for this.”
Without saying a word, Arthur lifted his finger and pointed at the boy’s head, killing him on the spot.
At that, everyone went into an uproar.
“Where did this vile man come from?” asked a portly man.
“How can he go around just killing people like that?” asked a redheaded woman. “He didn’t even spare the child!”
Everyone was shocked by how inhumane Arthur was, and they wanted him out of their town as quickly as possible.
Arthur looked at them with scorn and shook his head. Then he continued on the main road toward Lion Ridge.
Soon he came across a young man and asked him, “Is this the road that leads to Lion Ridge?”
The young man nodded and replied, “Yes.”
“Has the Great One arrived in Lion Ridge yet?” asked Arthur curiously.
“Who’s that?” asked the man in confusion. “I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
Arthur glared at the young man. “You don’t know who the Great One is?” he asked. “Are you lying to me?”
With another point of Arthur’s finger, the young man fell face first onto the ground.
Along the way, Arthur continued to kill people randomly. As a result, he gave off a terrifying aura, making people shrink back from him. Whenever anyone saw him a short distance away, they felt a chill run down their spines, and they didn’t dare approach him.
The news of this mass murderer had already spread across the entire town, and a squadron was quickly formed under the command of Sergeant Hubert. Countless explosives officers had been deployed, and all the law enforcement agencies cooperated, creating a team of the most skilled people available to take this murderer down.
Snipers were positioned along the route of Lion Ridge, and they were commanded to open fire as soon as Arthur was within range.
The bullets that these snipers would be using had been specially prepared for emergency situations, and each bullet had the power equivalent of a rocket.
But even so, the leaders were anxious and warned the officers that the situation was extremely dangerous. As a result, every officer had written a farewell note to their families before they had set off, aware that this could be their very last mission.
The news regarding the squad’s formation had already reached Gideon Ambrose, who was currently in Lion Ridge. 
Sergeant Hubert took out his phone and called Gideon. “Arthur has already entered our town and is heading toward Lion Ridge,” he said anxiously. “He’s like a crazy psychopath, randomly killing civilians. I advise you to leave Lion Ridge immediately. It’s too dangerous to stick around.”
Gideon was a skilled martial artist who had already begun to cultivate his power. He knew that there were different levels of cultivation, and although he had only just started the 
process and was powerless compared to Arthur, he was confident that Alex could take him on.
“I want to know more about Arthur’s skills,” said Gideon. “Our men around Lion Ridge can withstand the attacks of grand masters.”
He knew that Alex was powerful enough to deal with Arthur. But Alex had previously told him that those below the grand master level couldn’t even enter Lion Ridge because of an invisible barrier of power. Even though Gideon was a martial arts expert, he was afraid that he would be trapped by the barrier. If he and his men didn’t get out now, then he was worried they might not be able to escape unscathed.
“He’s a divine-level warrior,” said Sergeant Hubert in a serious tone. “Furthermore, he became a grand master a hundred years ago!”
Gideon’s heart sank, and despair washed over him. A divine-level warrior was comparable to a whole army. 
How on earth did Alex offend such a powerful person? 
he wondered.
But he quickly pulled himself together. He reminded himself that Alex didn’t need to offend Arthur for him to want to attack Lion Ridge. It could be for no other reason than that Alex was more powerful than him.
Cultivating power was like sailing against the current. If one didn’t advance, then one would end up getting killed.
Gideon had already received a video from Sergeant Hubert and had seen for himself just how vicious Arthur was. And it was obvious that his thirst for blood was increasing.
Ever since Gideon had started honing his skills, his physical strength had increased
.
 He didn’t feel tired even if he went without food for days. He had also become extremely familiar with different odors, and he liked to wander around, so he had already explored the area around Lion Ridge. Now he used his sense of smell to determine which direction Arthur was coming from.
Arthur was still some distance away, but a divine-level warrior like Arthur would cross it in no time. And it was clear that he would make that path hell for everyone he encountered.
Under the orders of Sergeant Hubert, the members of the squad had already hidden on both sides of Lion Ridge. Through their rifle scopes, they could see Arthur smiling, and they didn’t know what he would do next. They only knew that he was extremely dangerous.
The large-caliber rifles in their hands were currently the most advanced sniper equipment in the world. Their weapons also employed the most advanced lasers, and they had the most powerful rocket launchers available. Even though their bullets were small, the energy produced from the explosion of just one of them would be able to demolish a tank. The squad was sure that the bullets could penetrate the head of a grand master and kill him.
Even so, Sergeant Hubert was nervous.
Although he had a team of trained officers, he hadn’t been able to prevent such a dangerous man from entering the town, killing everyone in his way, and traveling safely to Lion Ridge. That had all happened before Sergeant Hubert had heard anything about it.
He knew that divine-level warriors had a lot of tricks up their sleeves. Such advanced weapons may successfully kill an ordinary grand master, but for someone as experienced as Arthur, they may not be quite so effective.
His only hope now was that someone with more power would react quickly. He wanted other divine-level warriors to deal with Arthur. Now that the video showing Arthur killing all those people had been broadcast, it would surely be enough to make someone want to take action.
What he needed to do now was to delay Arthur and reduce the number of casualties as much as possible.
He observed the surveillance monitor and saw Arthur taking steady steps in the direction of Lion Ridge, and he calculated that he had entered the shooting range of the first sniper.
“Sniper one. Get ready,” called Sergeant Hubert through an electronic device. “Shoot!”
When sniper one, who was known as Sharpshooter, heard the command, he immediately pulled the trigger. He didn’t care where he aimed, because the target was so large that he was sure that he wouldn’t miss. If he did somehow miss, he would lose his title of Sharpshooter.
The destructive laser bullet shot at Arthur at breakneck speed. It exploded into a blaze of white light and covered Arthur’s body in an instant.
Sharpshooter howled excitedly and exclaimed, “Success!”