The sword plunged down with immense force, shattering the frozen purple sea, and lodging itself three feet into it.
Countless cracks spread out like roots of trees, spreading in all directions, and completely splitting the sea into seemingly endless, smaller streams.
The light dispersed, and the sea vanished, and then the silver sword stabbed into Horace’s back, nailing him to the ground.
He had been beaten with a single strike.
Alex didn’t wait for Horace to react. He took a step forward, pulled out the silver sword, and pulled out a golden core along with it.
Horace’s soul fled from his body. It looked exactly like Horace, right down to the furious expression on its face. Apparently, it wanted to detonate its golden core, just like Marlon had.
Unfortunately, before it could make a move, it felt a terrible power enveloping it. Horace’s soul was completely submerged in that power, like a drop of water into a vast ocean. There was no question of him detonating his golden core. He couldn’t even find it.
Although Horace’s golden core wasn’t very powerful, Alex was pleased to take it, and he was satisfied that Horace had been dealt with.
When Elsa saw what had happened to Horace, her anger subsided and was replaced once more with fear. Although she had a powerful artifact and was also at the golden core stage, compared to Horace and Marlon, her strength was still at a lower level. Those two hadn’t even been able to withstand a single move, so how long would she last?
A shrill cry rang out. “Spare me!” Gwen cried as she fell to her knees in front of Alex.
Alex sighed. Gwen’s pathetic pleading made his head hurt.
“You’re not worthy of me killing you,” he said. Then he added, “Although the bird might be hungry.”
He looked at Bernie, who shrank back a few steps to show he had no interest in Gwen either.
Gwen raised her head and smiled flatteringly. “I knew you wouldn’t worry about a nobody like me,” she said. “It’s just that Elsa is an elder of the Snow Palace. She’s my superior, and since you’ve spared me, then please spare her as well. Elsa is well regarded in our world. If you don’t kill her, then we can both serve you.”
Elsa frowned and scolded Gwen. “Gwen, what nonsense are you talking about?” she said. “How can I possibly serve others?”
Alex laughed and said, “What makes you think I would want you?”
Elsa was so angry that her face turned bright red. She wanted to fight him, but she knew that there was no way that she could win, so she suppressed her rage.
“For Gwen’s sake, I won’t kill you,” Alex said. “But I also won’t let you run amok on Earth. So, I’ll cast a curse on you. If you dare to hurt anyone on Earth who doesn’t deserve it, then the curse will kill you.”
He stretched out his finger and drew a curse in the air. A purple symbol appeared briefly in front of him, and then it rushed into her body.
Elsa felt her body tighten, and it was as if she were wearing invisible restraints.
Alex’s technique was almost god-like, and she couldn’t resist the curse.
She could only accept her fate.
Alex let Elsa lead him to the portal. This time, he didn’t destroy it. Instead, he set up a layer of restriction at the entrance. If more people came through, he would know immediately.
After that, he took a stroll around the Tomb before attempting to secure it further. The nascent-level warrior who had created the Tomb had obviously been very powerful, but with Alex’s current strength, it was no problem for him.
“If my father and the others are in trouble in the future, then this place can be used as a place to hide,” he said. “Later, I’ll set up a small teleportation spell for communication.”
He looked around with satisfaction as he planned his next move. Elsa and Gwen followed him around the Tomb and watched him make his adjustments. He found a suitable place and drew a large symbol on the ground.
“What is that?” Elsa asked curiously. “A teleportation symbol?”
After all, Elsa came from the immortal realm and had seen a lot of things.
In her world, many teleportation spells were used by various sects to transport each other. However, the people who set them up were experts from the capital city.
It was said that there were no more than three people in the immortal realm who could set up teleportation spells.
Moreover, the teleporters in the immortal realm not only had limitations but also required a large amount of manpower and resources. So how could Alex do it so easily? He simply took out some jade stones, placed them on the ground, and drew some symbols around them.
Elsa could tell from the light reflected by the complex symbols that the teleporter would work.
They usually came in pairs. Alex had set up the teleporter here, but she didn’t know where the other end would be.
After finishing his preparations, Alex stepped into the center of the teleporter. Then he looked at Elsa and asked, “Are you coming with me? Or are you going to stay here?”
Before Elsa could reply, Gwen shouted, “We’re going with you! What’s the point of staying here? There is nothing here but the desert and some monsters. There’s nothing to do. If we stay here, we’ll go mad from boredom.”
Elsa stared at Gwen for a moment, finding her infuriating. But after calming down and analyzing the situation, she decided that Gwen was right. Compared to the Snow Palace, this desert was horribly uncomfortable. There wasn’t even a place to sleep in peace. They would have to be constantly on guard against the attacks of monsters. And the monsters around here weren’t weak at all. Every one of them had the strength of a divine-level warrior. Just the strength of their physical bodies alone was enough to defeat her and Gwen.
Over the past few days, she had followed Alex through the desert, exploring several ruins. The dangers of those ruins had left her feeling very anxious.
There had been a few times when, if it hadn’t been for Alex’s help, Elsa would have already died.
The Tomb was indeed worthy of its reputation.
After thinking about it, Elsa felt she had no choice but to go with Alex. She finally made up her mind and said, “Let’s go.”