Just as Alex was about to leave, Bernie walked up to him. The huge bird’s beak reached out toward Alex’s chest and started to rub it.
“You want to come too?” Alex asked, looking at the strange bird in surprise.
Bernie shook its head. It had made its home in the Tomb, where it could fly freely, and it was happy. It didn’t want to leave with Alex, but it also didn’t want him to go.
“If you don’t want to leave, then just stay here and behave yourself,” Alex said. “Remember, if anyone comes through the teleporter, fight them if you can. If you can’t beat them, then hide and wait for me to come back to deal with them.” He patted the bird on the head.
Bernie nodded and chirped twice. Then it flapped its wings and flew away.
Alex smiled and shook his head as he watched the bird fly away. Then he took Elsa and Gwen and left the Tomb.
**
At the same time, Paula’s return had caused quite an upset. Within the country and abroad, countless warriors discussed the situation.
When Antoine had come out of Jade Lake, he had become the most powerful person at that time. Several decades later, Paula had also left Jade Lake, and no one was sure which of them was the stronger.
The Great One had also been in the limelight recently after he had killed Arthur, and he had become famous throughout the world. No one knew who the strongest was among those three.
The world was very curious about them, and after learning that Paula had gone to the Tomb to wait for news of the Great One, the entire world was in an uproar.
Countless warriors crossed mountains and oceans, heading to the northwest.
On the edge of the desert, countless martial artists had already gathered. The weakest among them were aspiring grand masters. Because their strength wasn’t quite at the grand master level, they simply couldn’t survive in the surroundings.
Besides Antoine and the others, there were even several divine-level warriors who had traveled from abroad.
There was also a mysterious living spaceship that was hidden high in the sky.
This spaceship featured the highest technology in the universe, and the people of many galaxies used it for interstellar travel.
In the cockpit was a short, hairless alien with two antennae on his head. He had a pair of small eyes and was dressed in a strange-looking outfit.
Beside him was a young man in a suit, who stood tall and straight with his blonde hair and blue eyes.
He was the famous divine-level warrior, Linden Osborne.
Although Linden was very young, he was extremely talented, as he had inherited his parents’ abilities in the womb. No one really knew how powerful he was, but it was said that he couldn’t be killed.
“Zaxx, do you think the Great One will appear?” Linden asked the creature beside him.
“I’m not sure,” Zaxx replied. “This is a forbidden area. Even if we take our spaceship in, we might not be able to leave safely. All we can do is wait here for him to appear and then launch an attack on him!”
Linden stared at the densely packed light dots on the screen of the cockpit and said, “Each dot represents a grand master. If we fired a cannon here, we could destroy them all.”
“Our warship only has three laser cannons,” Zaxx said. “Each one is comparable to a nascent warrior’s attack but can only be used once. Wasting it on these people isn’t worth it!
“Besides, these cannons are only available on our main planet, which is forty million light-years away. After firing them, we would have to wait for them to be replaced, and it would take far too long just to transport them here.”
He looked at Linden with contempt. He didn’t say anything else, but his words echoed in Linden’s mind.
Linden smiled coyly. “It was just a suggestion,” he said, shrugging. “Forget it. I won’t bother with these insignificant people.”
“Good,” Zaxx said. “So, let’s just wait and see how strong the Great One is. If he’s really as powerful as you said, then we might have to use the laser cannon. You must know that. There aren’t many people like him on Earth.”
“Look, there are ripples!” Linden said, pointing to a corner of the screen.
Zaxx immediately zoomed in on the area in question.
The spaceship’s surveillance system was focused on the Tomb. Because of the Tomb’s protective spell, the signal of the spaceship had been completely blocked, and they could only monitor the outer region.
“One, two, three! How could there be three people there?” Zaxx asked. He looked at the two golden dots and one white dot on the screen.
“The big golden dot should be the Great One!” Linden said. “I’ll go down and take a look!”
“Be careful, he could be much stronger than you,” Zaxx warned him. “And he’s not far from becoming even stronger. It looks like it was the right choice to bring the laser cannon this time.”
“All right,” Linden said. “Keep an eye on the situation. If I’m in trouble, then don’t worry so much about saving the cannons for another day. They’ve been sitting around for thousands of years already, and it’s pointless to keep them lying around unused forever. Just blow everyone up if you have to.”
He turned around and walked out of the cockpit.
Far below the spaceship, Paula, Antoine, and the others also noticed that there was something wrong. After a series of rumbling sounds, Alex and a beautiful woman walked out of the Tomb. A younger woman followed behind them.
“Her aura is so powerful!” Antoine said.
He was the first to sense Elsa’s aura. When he saw Alex, he could tell that his strength had improved again. Previously, he had still been able to get some sense of Alex’s power, but now that Alex had been into the Tomb, Antoine couldn’t see his skill level at all.
Evan also looked on and smiled bitterly. Once, he had thought that he could be on a par with Alex. Now he realized that the speed of Alex’s development had greatly exceeded his expectations.