Four golden core warriors from the Sea Star System had chased Maya across all creation. They had caught her once, but she was stronger than they had expected, and she managed to escape. She was running for her freedom, but they were under orders. Their city lord wanted her back, and he would punish them if they returned empty handed.
Nate made sure that only Orion could hear him. “I’m just realizing how far we are from home. The further away we get, the less spiritual energy we can draw on. Have you noticed that? We’re headed toward a place that hasn’t seen a golden core master in a long time. Even the creatures that live between worlds don’t come this far. We may not have to bring her back at all.”
“Are you talking about killing her?” Orion asked, frowning. “What about the lord?”
“His lordship is far away, and he already has more than one wife,” Nate said, shrugging. “We can steal her power, and no one would ever know. We’ll say she took her own life rather than come back.”
Nate was already powerful, a lord in his own right. And if there’s one thing people with power loved, it was more power. He and Orion were leading this mission, working with a pair of brothers who were known for their savagery, to bring Maya back.
Orion was wary of the brothers. “Tank and Denny might be a problem,” he pointed out. “They’re animals, but they’re well-trained animals.”
“Then you’ll just have to talk them through it,” Nate said with a smile. “Offer them whatever’s left over when we’re done.”
Orion shuddered. “Of course. I’ll take care of it.” He knew the brothers would be happy to trade their loyalty for a chance to hurt someone. “They’ll do what they’re told.”
Nate smiled. This hunt was just about to get interesting.
Maya was running out of time. She had exhausted her inner power fleeing from the hunters, and they were too close behind her to take time to restore it. She could feel them, and she could feel their intentions. The horror made her run even faster.
From realm to realm, she ran, noticing what Nate had also found. The further she ran from home, the less spiritual essence she felt. She used her diminishing power to reach beyond her and was surprised to feel a surge of energy just up ahead. She could hardly believe her senses. There was a warrior ahead. A golden core warrior. Someone who might be strong enough to help her deal with the hunters.
Desperately, she pushed herself to move even faster toward the golden core she had found. She almost stopped short when she realized that there was something familiar about it. The essence she was racing toward belonged to someone she knew.
How is this possible?
 she wondered. 
I’ve never been to this world, but I know I’ve felt this power before!
She couldn’t let herself get distracted, so she put on even more speed. Maybe an old friend had wandered out this far to this desolate, barren place.
She broke through the barrier between worlds with a crash, hoping the shockwave that resulted would disorient or slow down her pursuers.
The brothers took the brunt of the wave, cursing at her. Maya could not hear their threats, but she could feel their intent, and she knew she had to get away before they could steal her golden core. She didn’t want to imagine what they would do after that.
She was in a whole new reality now, running for her life. Her essence was almost completely depleted as she raced to find safety, and she was in a modern city surrounded by technology that was almost primitive compared to some of the worlds she had seen. Her attention was drawn to a bridge, where a man dressed in black was standing, humming with power like a beacon. He was the one she had felt between worlds.
Who are you?
 she wondered. 
Why did your power bring me here? And why do you feel so familiar?
Alex had felt her approach and looked up at her. When their eyes met, time seemed to stop. He felt his heart lurch, and his mouth dropped open.
A thousand years. It had been a thousand years. Ten centuries of waiting, of missing that face. That beautiful, haughty, proud face. He knew her. His essence—his soul—knew her.
You’ve come back to me
, he thought. 
For a thousand years, I’ve waited, in one form or another, for you to come back to me.
Alex was flooded with memories of another life. He remembered loving this woman more than anyone, and he remembered wanting to tell her so before his lightning tribulation. But he had failed. He had been dying—his heart breaking—as he looked into her eyes one last time.
He felt tears falling down his face as he looked at the woman who had sent his soul wandering for a millennium in the hope of being with her again.
“Maya?” he whispered. “It’s you. You’re finally here.”
“There are hunters after me,” she shouted. “We need to go.”
She had planned to hide under the bridge, but now that she saw Alex, she knew she couldn’t hide anymore.