What Alex hadn’t expected was that Orion was extremely stubborn. When Orion saw Alex trying to take his golden cores, he immediately detonated one of them, and the force of the explosion caused his surroundings to tremble.
Everyone was forced to take a few steps back, and Maya hid behind Alex, who seemed unruffled by the blast.
“You want to capture me?” Orion asked. “Even if I have to self-destruct, I won’t give you the chance!”
His second golden core exploded, and then his soul floated out the top of his head, swept up his third golden core, and dashed off into the distance. He thought that the destruction of the first two golden cores would keep Alex busy, so he wanted to take the opportunity to escape. 
But just as he was about to rush over a bridge, a thin layer of green light blocked his path.
He rushed forward like a madman, trying to break through the barrier of light, but he just couldn’t do it.
“Did you really think I would let you run?” Alex asked, walking out from among the scattered energy of the golden cores. There wasn’t the slightest injury on his body, and it appeared that the blast had only slowed him down a little.
Orion was shocked and overwhelmed. He gritted his teeth and detonated his third golden core. The resulting energy crashed into the green light barrier and made a gap in it, giving Orion and Nate the opportunity to run away.
But before he could get far, Alex stopped him, seizing him with his power. Orion struggled in his grip, but Alex ultimately crushed him.
When Alex looked up again, he found that Nate had already flown far away and looked like an infinitesimal speck in the sky.
“Don’t think I can’t catch you!” Alex called as he began to chase after him.
“Be careful!” Maya cried, rushing over to him. “He has a powerful relic with him!”
She couldn’t keep up with Alex’s speed, so she began to fall far behind.
“Don’t worry,” he shouted back at her. “Wait for me here. I’ll come back after I get rid of him.”
He smiled at her, and then he sped up to catch Nate.
As Nate rushed out of Alex’s protective shield and hurried to escape, the entire sky was filled with rumbling sounds.
He had already sensed several golden core warriors coming toward him, and he began to panic. He couldn’t believe how many of them there were on this small, barbaric planet. Besides, it was impossible to not be afraid with that maniac hunting him down.
He summoned his inner power, using it to boost his message to his pursuer. “I’m from Wolf City in the Sea Star System. If you kill me, then the lord of the city will come after you, and your planet will be destroyed. So why don’t you just let me go? If you allow me to live, I’ll agree not to come here again.”
“Why should I care about where you came from?” Alex asked. “It has nothing to do with me, and I have no intention of sparing your life.” He raised his hand and sent a wave of genuine essence slashing down toward Nate.
“If you let me go, I swear I won’t pursue Maya anymore,” Nate promised. “But if you don’t, then the city lord will just send someone else to hunt her down. He’ll never let her go.” He was forced to dodge Alex’s attack, and in shock, he realized he needed his relic to block it properly. Alex was a lot stronger than he had realized.
The relic was from the Sea Star System, and it was known as the Python. It was formed in the shape of a snake, and its glowing eyes were locked on Alex.
The moment it appeared, the genuine essence that Alex had thrown was split in two. After circling around Nate, the energy dissipated, leaving behind only a rumbling sound.
“That 
is
 powerful,” Alex said, looking at Nate with interest.
“The Python was a gift from the lord of the Wolf City,” Nate replied proudly. “It can split mountains and open a path through them, and it can see through all kinds of hard objects. Its spirit is thousands of years old, and it can be used in the water as well. If you’re hit with the relic, you’ll be weakened by at least thirty percent. I have the relic, and we’re by the ocean. Do you still want to fight?”
He turned his head and looked at Alex. He had run to this ocean to create a more suitable environment to use the relic, so he was feeling extremely confident.
“I think you underestimate me,” Alex said with a smirk.
Just then, Antoine and Evan arrived from the east, having rushed over to help Alex.
“Greetings, Alex,” they said in unison.
“We sensed a fluctuation in the air and rushed over,” Antoine explained. “I have arranged for a super weapon to lock onto this intruder. Just say the word, and we will bury him in the sea.”
Alex knew Antoine was talking about a nuclear bomb, so he shook his head, waving his hand. “We don’t need to use super weapons to kill him,” he said, smiling. “That’s just overkill.”
“You know how powerful Alex is,” Evan pointed out to Antoine. “He can deal with this man without any help.” He looked Nate up and down. “I don’t know where he came from, but I’m afraid he might be even stronger than us. But I’m sure Alex can deal with him.”
“His name is Nate,” Maya said, gasping for breath as she finally caught up with them. “He’s a warrior from the Sea Star System, and he has four golden cores.”
Antoine and Evan looked at Maya at the same time. They were shocked to see her, and they were caught off guard. They were impressed by her looks, and even more impressed by her powerful golden cores.
They couldn’t believe what they had just heard. They hadn’t been aware that there were other powerful warriors from other galaxies. They had always thought that they were among the strongest because they had two golden cores, and they hadn’t thought Alex was that much stronger than them.
It was only after they had seen Alex fight, and after the venerable master had appeared, that they had discovered that they weren’t as strong as either Alex or the master. And now they were looking at someone who had four golden cores, leaving them gaping with astonishment.