Antoine shook his head and said, “No, only Sigismund has come. There is a benefit to being part of a trinity—as long as one of them lives, that means that none of them will truly die.”
“That’s really cunning!” Evan said, nodding.
“They’re really sanctimonious,” Antoine said with contempt. “They talk about saving people, but then they go and do evil things. No one can trust them.”
The others could clearly hear the conversation, and they came to a realization as they all recalled something that had happened more than a hundred years ago. Back then, the Tyler Empire had swept through the world. When the army had arrived, the three beings known as the Saints had all been living in one body, and they had descended to Earth.
Sigismund, Augustus, and Kristof had merged to become the ultimate Saint. But even so, at that time, only Sigismund and Kristof had made a move. Still, the two hundred thousand soldiers of the Tyler Empire had mysteriously disappeared in the blink of an eye.
The officers and soldiers, and even the cooks and medics, had all simply vanished into thin air.
After that battle, the name of the three Saints had spread across the world. The most powerful people at the time had arranged for the use of a spacecraft to fire two laser cannons, and although Sigismund and Kristof had been hit, they hadn’t died because Augustus hadn’t been involved. After all, the three of them were one, so as long as one of them survived, they all did. 
Even the spaceship hadn’t been able to harm Sigismund. Now, after so many years, he had appeared once again, leaving all the divine-level warriors shocked.
“What is Sigismund doing here?” one of them asked. “What can he possibly want?”
“He must be trying to steal the golden cores from Alex,” another warrior answered. “But his reappearance can’t be a good thing. He caused so much destruction last time, and I’m sure this occasion will be no different.”
Everyone understood the severity of the matter, and they watched nervously.
Meanwhile, Alex had already grabbed the little glowing arm and held it in his grasp.
“He actually caught it!” one of the warriors exclaimed. This was the first time they had ever seen anyone catch Sigismund. The sight was shocking, like watching a person grabbing onto a ball of light.
The light from the arm was so dazzling that no one could look straight at it. At the same time, the four golden cores belonging to Nate shrunk rapidly, as if the power had been sucked out of them.
“Do you think I care about this light?” Alex asked. “Are you pretending to be mysterious? Get the hell out here!”
Alex pulled hard at the arm until a large body emerged, shining with a dazzling light.
“Red-cloaked grand master!” Antoine exclaimed when he saw the body. “Sigismund has possessed the body of the red-cloaked grand master.”
Evan sneered. “So, Sigismund also wants to test Alex’s strength. I wonder if this red-robed body can withstand it.”
Antoine smiled bitterly and shook his head. “I’m afraid he’s miscalculated this time. From what I’ve seen so far, I’m pretty sure even I could deal with him.”
“You could be right,” Evan said, looking around. “Shouldn’t we be watching the other warriors to make sure they don’t take advantage of the chaos?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Antoine said, chuckling. “We have Alex on our side. He can deal with everyone here.”
Alex looked at the red-cloaked grand master, who had a piercing white light in his eyes. He laughed and said, “You dare to steal from me? Who the hell do you think you are?”
“
I am Sigismund
,” he replied, sending the thought into everyone’s minds.
“Is that supposed to impress me?” Alex asked, raising an eyebrow. “Sorry, but it doesn’t.” He raised his hand and threw a punch toward Sigismund’s forehead.
“Relic, appear!” Sigismund commanded. 
He looked up, and a golden goblet suddenly appeared next to him. It flashed with light, which covered Alex’s fist. The relic was a cup of his own blood that he used to create new disciples. It was incredibly strong, and he used it now to bolster his own strength.
With another casual punch from Alex, the relic trembled for a moment, but it held steady. Sigismund rocked back with the force of Alex’s strike, letting out a muffled groan. Although Alex had hit hard, the fact that Sigismund had been able to hold on proved his strength.
Alex cast a sidelong glance at the relic and raised his hand to grab it.
“What are you doing?” Sigismund asked in a panic. He retreated and pulled out a long sword that flashed with golden light. Then he swung it up toward Alex, who dodged it.
Alex’s expression became serious as he pulled out his celestial staff and blocked the light sword.
The two weapons collided, sending ripples of vibrating energy outward. The entire surface of the sea dipped, and the warriors all began to retreat. They flew far away to avoid the consequences of such powerful relics.
Alex took a step back, and his eyes flashed with excitement.
Sigismund was in a difficult situation. But he did not retreat, and the power contained within his body surged. He had just used all his strength, but Alex was still energetic and powerful as he stood in front of him. Only now did Sigismund realize that he had underestimated his opponent.
It seemed impossible for him to leave now, as Alex raised his staff high and swung it down again.
As he saw the celestial staff smashing down at him, he could only helplessly raise his sword again, and it collided violently with Alex’s staff.
Another intense impact sent Alex flying, and his face flushed red.
Antoine and Evan were shocked. This was the first time they had seen Alex being forced back by an enemy.
Maya saw Alex stumble, and she shouted his name anxiously, but Alex just laughed. 
“Come at me again,” he said, stepping forward and grinning at Sigismund. Excited, he waved the celestial staff back and forth.
Before Sigismund had time to raise his sword, a heavy impact smashed down upon him and sent him deep into the sea.
“Wow!” Antoine said in awe. “Alex really is something special!”