As Nate watched Alex and Sigismund fight, he was filled with awe.
He couldn’t believe that such a powerful being like Alex existed on Earth. He had only ever seen this level of strength from people in Wolf City. Fearing that he would be attacked next, he decided to escape.
Sigismund had already absorbed half of his golden cores, and Alex had taken the other half, so Nate was in a pitiful state. Having no other choice, he decided to find a place to hide, and he turned around and jumped straight into the sea.
Maya had been watching Nate closely, so when she saw that he had jumped into the sea, she panicked. “Nate, stop!” she shouted. Without hesitating, she chased after him and jumped in after him.
When Alex saw Maya chasing after Nate, his heart almost stopped. “Maya, don’t!” he called out, and then he quickly followed her.
The surface of the sea was warm. Suddenly a big ripple formed, and Sigismund’s face appeared on the surface, his eyes incandescent. Then he narrowed his eyes, and the light penetrated Maya’s shoulders. Blood started dripping down her arms instantly.
“How dare you hurt her!” roared Alex.
He hated seeing Maya injured. He closed his eyes, and a moment later, his golden cores started to rotate simultaneously, creating a force as strong as that of a nascent-level warrior. His increased genuine essence enveloped him and Maya.
From the distance, several of the warriors were watching the scene through binoculars, and they began to tremble in fear. 
“Is this really how powerful Alex is?” asked one of them. “How terrifying!”
“I don’t think I’d be able to reach his level of strength even if I were to train for another two hundred years,” said another.
“Just look at his speed,” remarked a third person. “He’s more than twice as fast as before.”
Alex raised the celestial staff with both his hands and fiercely struck Sigismund’s face, causing him to sink to the bottom of the sea once more.
Then he wrapped an arm around Maya
and took her back to Antoine’s side. “How do you feel?” he asked with concern.
Maya nodded and gave him a faint smile. “I’m fine,” she said. “It’s just my shoulders. They hurt.”
Sigismund’s light technique was extremely powerful, and his strike could inflict a lot of pain. Moreover, without the power of Maya’s genuine essence, it would be extremely difficult for her to recover.
Without saying any more, Alex took out a revival pill and slipped it into Maya’s mouth.
“What is this?” asked Maya, already starting to feel better.
Not only did the blood instantly stop flowing out from her wounds, but the injury was starting to heal.
When Alex didn’t say anything, Maya looked at him. She didn’t know why, but she felt a sense of familiarity with him and didn’t know how to act around him. “Thank you,” she said. “This pill has worked wonders. It’s the best pill ever.”
“You only deserve the best,” replied Alex. “If this pill can’t heal you, then there’s no point in it existing.”
Once he had made sure that she was okay, he stood up. “Wait here,” he said. “I’m going to teach that man a lesson for hurting you.”
In an instant, he arrived at the surface of the sea.
He held out his staff, and a cold breeze sprang up. The temperature of the water suddenly dropped by dozens of degrees, and then it began to freeze.
Moments later, Alex stood at the center of the frozen sea.
The warriors who were watching continued to discuss the situation.
“It’s freezing cold! Do you think Alex could destroy the earth if he wanted to?” asked one of them.
“This is enough to demonstrate his power,” said a blonde warrior. “I don’t want to know what else he’s capable of.”
“I don’t think Alex can be considered as a divine-level warrior anymore,” remarked a tall man.
“Well, of course not. He’s already transcended that!” said the blonde warrior.
Alex had almost reached the nascent level. The power he had just exerted using his full strength was terrifying to watch, and the warriors felt a little uneasy.
Alex raised the celestial staff above his head and leaped into the air. Then, as he came down, he struck the ice with it.
The entire surface of the sea was smashed into pieces.
Bits of broken ice flew into the air, flickering in the light of the sun. A little in the distance, Alex noticed Nate frozen inside a large chunk of ice, clearly in a state of shock.
Alex sneered. “Let’s see where you can run to now,” he said, raising the staff. With one casual swing, he struck the block of ice, smashing it into countless fragments.
Nate’s divine soul was also split into countless tiny pieces along with it, and then they floated away on the breeze.
Then another huge block of ice rose to the surface. Frozen inside was Sigismund, still wearing his red cloak.
Alex swung his staff again, but this time, the ice didn’t shatter. Instead, the block of ice slid further away.
He was a little taken aback, but he walked toward the block of ice and struck it again with the celestial staff.
Suddenly, Sigismund released a ray of white light, which penetrated through the ice. Then two white wings slowly grew out of his back. He spread them out and broke through the block of ice.
“Impressive! Another secret technique!” exclaimed Alex. “You’re full of surprises!” 
Sigismund rushed toward Alex, aiming for his celestial staff, but Alex was swift and dodged him. In the blink of an eye, the celestial staff disappeared, and Alex hid out of sight.
When Sigismund couldn’t see him, he began to panic. He turned his head from side to side and looked around him. “Where is he?” he muttered under his breath.
The next moment, Alex appeared behind him. He grabbed one of Sigismund’s wings and pulled hard at it. Then, with a loud snap, the wing broke off, and Sigismund let out a miserable shriek.
“You broke my wing!” he yelled in shock.
He shook his other wing, and just as he was about to flee, Alex appeared behind him again and grabbed his remaining wing.
“Let go of me!” cried Sigismund. He took out his sword and thrust it behind him, trying to stab Alex.
Alex snapped off Sigismund’s other wing, causing him to groan in pain. Then he put the wing into his magic storage space and stretched out his hands toward Sigismund.
What is he trying to do?
 thought Sigismund. 
Does he want to take my relic?
The onlookers were dumbfounded to see that Sigismund’s sword had been almost powerless against Alex and had only left a shallow mark on his body.
With the help of his golden cores, Alex’s body was like that of a nascent-level warrior. Unafraid of the power of Sigismund’s sword, he leaned forward and grabbed it, pulling Sigismund along with it. Then he kicked him and sent him flying across the sea.
“Well, that was fun!” said Alex to himself as he stored the sword in his magic storage space alongside Sigismund’s wings.