One of the warriors who was watching the fight started to get goosebumps when he saw that Alex had overcome Sigismund.
“Long live the Great One!” he shouted. “He seems to have collected another magical artifact.”
Alex walked over to Sigismund, who was lying on the ice, and looked down at him. Suddenly Sigismund’s body started to shake, and then a huge ball of light floated out of the red cloak and flew miles away.
Alex frowned. “
So
 you intend to run, do you?” he muttered.
He held out his hand, and the golden flying sword appeared in it. Then he threw the blade, and like a rocket, it chased after the ball of light.
In the blink of an eye, it had caught up with the ball of white light. Then, with a loud explosion, the light split into countless specks and dispersed into the air. A small golden object spun in the air and then fell toward the sea.
The magic relic!
 thought Alex. He gestured at it, and it floated toward him.
Sigismund, who had been restored to his original form, looked in shock at the scene in front of him. The moment he saw the relic fly toward Alex, he took out his scepter and cast a spell, covering Alex in a beam of light.
Then he poked his scepter into the frozen sea, and it instantly turned into an enormous hole, swallowing up all the ice that was floating on the surface. As soon as the ice entered the hole, it melted and evaporated into the air, causing the sea level to drop considerably.
Alex used his power to disperse the light around him
. I’ve already gotten rid of one opponent, and now there’s another,
 he thought.
He pulled out the celestial staff and threw it straight at Sigismund. But Sigismund dodged it and escaped into the distance.
Alex sighed. He had already displayed his might by chasing Sigismund away, and taking his wings, his sword, and the magic relic.
After retrieving the celestial staff, Alex rushed over to Maya and held her in his arms. Then he launched himself into the air and took off with her.
The watching warriors were startled.
“Where did they go?” asked one of them.
“I’m not sure. I think they went that way,” replied another, pointing west.
They tried to use their power-enhanced senses to locate Alex, but they were unable to do so.
“What incredible speed!” remarked one of them in awe.
Evan and Antoine looked at each other. “Let’s follow them,” said Antoine. Evan nodded, and they both headed west.
Maya gazed at Alex. “Where are we going?” she asked. Although this was the first time that she had been close to him, she felt as if she had known him for a long time. It was a strange feeling, and it made her feel giddy with excitement.
“I’m going to find the man who hurt you and deal with him!” said Alex with a determined look on his face.
As they floated in the air, various buildings flashed past under their feet. The scenery was like a painting, and it made Maya feel nostalgic.
“It’s so beautiful!” she remarked.
Although she had been able to fly around freely in the immortal world, she had never seen such splendid buildings, and she was impressed.
Alex saw how happy she was, and his lips curled into a smile. “I like seeing you this happy,” he said.
Soon, they landed in front of an old castle, which appeared to be within the mortal realm. Countless onlookers looked at them in alarm.
“Immortals!” cried one of them. “The immortals have arrived at our castle.”
Alex and Maya stood at the gate of the castle, and Alex used his senses to scan the place.
There were more than a dozen grand masters in the castle at that time.
Soon the grand masters, dressed in gray linen, ran out one after another. When they saw Alex and Maya standing at the door, they were shocked and looked at one another in a panic.
“What are you doing at our castle?” asked one of the grand masters, trembling. “Have you come to cause trouble?”
“I’m looking for Sigismund,” replied Alex. “He injured my sweetheart, and I’ve come to seek revenge.”
The grand master frowned and asked doubtfully, “Sigismund injured someone? Well, if he did, then it must be because she committed a crime.”
Before he could say anything else, Alex rolled up his sleeve and raised his hand. In less than a second, the grand master exploded and dissipated into the air.
Everyone was horrified. For a few moments, there was complete silence, and then one of the grand masters said, “How dare you come into our castle and kill one of our men! You will be punished for this.”
The grand masters raised their scepters and hesitantly drew near Alex.
“Sigismund’s minions!” Alex said, his voice dripping with scorn. Then he raised his hand again and waved it. The grand master who had just spoken disappeared.
“Bring Sigismund out,” Alex demanded as he walked toward the castle with Maya.
In the courtyard,
several guards rushed toward Alex to try to stop him. But they were halted in their tracks and instantly thrown to the ground.
The grand masters were shocked and looked on in horror. Alex had killed all those people without making a single move, and they thought that he must be a demon. What else could he be?
“Sigismund will crush you when he sees what you’ve done,” cried one of the grand masters.
Alex snickered. “Really? Well, let’s see how powerful he is.”
He continued to walk forward with Maya, and they soon arrived in the center of the courtyard, where he saw an enormous statue.
Alex’s eyes flashed, and two warriors in red linen robes appeared from behind the statue.
The grandmasters looked at them warily.
There was only one divine-level warrior in the castle at the time, so where had these two come from?
They stared at the two elderly divine-level warriors, feeling that they were familiar but unable to recognize them. Suddenly, one of the grand masters cried, “It’s Otto and Cullen! They’re still alive!”
“They must have returned to deal with this demon!” said another man.
The grandmasters started to cheer, as if Alex had already been defeated.
Then Cullen came forward, his aged face full of wrinkles, and stood in front of Alex. He opened his mouth and said, “So, you’ve come to our castle to cause trouble, have you?”