Maya looked at Alex curiously.
Condensing a divine soul into a ball of light was a spell that Alex had learned in his past life. It wasn’t considered to be an advanced technique and a golden core level expert could manage it as long as he was from one of the top sects.
“What top sects?” asked Alex. “Our goal is to create a superior sect.”
He chuckled as he looked at Maya’s confused expression.
In their previous life, he and Maya had come across many sects, but the top ones had been arrogant and had made things difficult for them.
At that time, Alex had only been an immortal, and Maya had only been at the human nascent level and had roamed the universe alone. Not only had she now transcended to the immortal realm, but she had also established a super sect whose members were spread all across the world.
Alex wanted to spread the sect that he had created in his previous life all over the world, too.
As Maya looked at the ball of light in wonder, Alex raised his hand and gently stroked her long hair.
She blushed and shyly lowered her head.
Alex smiled at her. “Let’s go inside the castle and find the guy who hurt you,” he said.
He led the way, and Maya followed him.
She knew that as a golden core warrior, Alex wouldn’t let his enemy off so easily.
They walked into the castle and saw a large table with silver chairs around it. Behind the table and chairs stood another statue that was more than twenty feet tall.
Alex narrowed his eyes and looked through the statue to see a bright white light, which seemed to be inside a golden chest.
“Is that the magic chest?” asked Alex as he walked toward it. “I didn’t know you were so rich, Sigismund. I can’t believe how many magical artifacts you have. You even have a magic chest. I’m curious to see who is hidden inside there with you.” Then he snickered. “Could your master be in there too?”
“Alex, you can insult me, but you can’t insult my master,” came an angry voice from within the chest.
“So, it seems like your master 
is
 in there too,” said Alex.
“Don’t you dare touch him, otherwise I’ll finish you,” threatened Sigismund.
Alex sneered, and then he glared at the white light. “Sigismund, if you really had the ability to kill me, then you wouldn’t have run back here after being defeated. Wouldn’t you have killed me on the frozen sea, if you could? You’ve forced me to come looking for you.”
He continued to provoke Sigismund. “I’m afraid I’ve discovered your magic chest. Without it, you and your master won’t be able to survive. Isn’t that right?”
“Alex, leave now, and we won’t interfere in each other’s business anymore. I’ll also give you one of my magic pills. But if you continue to pursue me, I’ll retaliate,” said Sigismund in exasperation.
“A magic pill?” repeated Alex. “If I want it, I can just come and take it.”
His eyes flashed, and the celestial staff appeared in his hand. He poked the magic chest with his staff, and an angry roar came from inside as the white light shone brighter. Then the lid of the chest started to rattle, and two wings appeared out of the chest. A moment later, the chest rose to the air.
“Impressive! A chest with wings,” jeered Alex.
He hit the marble floor with the celestial staff, shattering the marble into countless pieces. Then he used his power to leap into the air, and with the staff in his hand, he struck
the chest that was still floating in the air.
The chest started to rotate, and a metallic sound rang out.
Alex was forced to move back by the impact of the strike. The lid of the chest had broken open, and now it flew across the room, smashing into the back wall of the castle.
The chest shook, and then it landed on the floor with a thump.
Alex kneeled to take a look.
Inside, he saw a man with fair, smooth skin and golden hair. He had a solemn look on his face, and although his eyes were tightly shut, light emanated from them.
Suddenly, he sat up, and two pairs of white wings appeared behind him.
It was Augustus, the four-winged master, who had been sleeping inside the chest.
Augustus stood up and spread his four wings. Then he circled the room, radiating a brilliant light, which was like a destructive laser. As a result, the entire castle was filled with endless light, even penetrating through the ceiling.
Outside the castle, the grand masters, who were still hiding, saw the light coming out of the castle and beamed with joy.
“He’s returned. Our master has returned,” said one of them.
“This is a miracle!” shouted another.
“I knew he wouldn’t abandon us,” said a third.
“Let’s see what the enemy can do now,” said the first one. “We need to get rid of him once and for all.”
Just then, Antoine and Evan arrived at the gates of the castle. They looked at the white light that filled the sky, and they were shocked.
“Could Augustus have returned?” asked Evan. A fear came over both of them, and they started to panic.
“I’m afraid that Alex has met a formidable opponent this time,” said Antoine in a low voice.
As they hurried toward the castle, two grand masters noticed them.
“More intruders,” said one of them.
They quickly rushed toward Antoine and Evan, shouting, “Stop!”