Antoine looked at the two grand masters and frowned. He was a divine-level warrior, so how could these two stop him and Evan from entering the castle?
He and Evan nodded at each other, and then they clenched their fists and punched the two grand masters simultaneously, sending them flying across the courtyard.
Just as they were about to enter the castle, they heard footsteps, and then a voice came from behind them. “What are you two doing in this city?” 
They turned around to see a man in a military uniform with four golden stars hung on his shoulders, and they immediately recognized him as the divine-level warrior, Wilfred.
Wilfred was the only divine-level warrior in that city other than those in the castle, and his relationship with the castle's inhabitants wasn’t very good. Although he had known that Alex had appeared at the castle, Wilfred had decided to stay away, since he was aware of Alex’s power and knew that he wasn’t a match for him.
He was also secretly glad that Alex had appeared. He wanted to use Alex’s strength to teach those in the castle a lesson and show everyone that they weren’t the only powerful people who existed.
But now that Antoine and Evan had arrived, he couldn’t stay out of it.
Although Wilfred had felt a little nervous about confronting Antoine and Evan, he was sure that they wouldn’t be able to kill him in his own city. After staying in the background for so many years, he had learned that, although others could defeat divine-level warriors, Alex was the only one who could kill them.
The other reason Wilfred wanted to stop Antoine and Evan from entering the castle was that he knew that the four-winged master had appeared.
The four-winged master was almost like a nascent-level warrior, and Wilfred was afraid to offend such a powerful being.
He had thought that he might even be able to gain his favor if he could stop Antoine and Evan from interfering at this critical moment.
After having thought about it and having weighed the pros and cons, he had decided to confront the two of them and was determined not to let them enter the castle.
As he approached, Antoine looked at him disdainfully. “Do you think you can stop the two of us from entering, Wilfred?”
“Well, this is my city, and you’re not welcome here,” replied Wilfred.
A heavy mist appeared in the sky, and a powerful force gathered. Fortunately for him, he had the advantage of the power of the terrain.
In the past, Antoine had power over the terrain on the east side of Marauders Mountain, while Wilfred had had power over the terrain on the west side of the mountain.
Since the city was on the west side and they were in Wilfred’s territory, then Wilfred’s power soared, and he managed to stop Antoine and Evan with it.
He clenched both his fists and punched Antoine and Evan at the same time. But Antoine and Evan retaliated, and very soon, the three divine-level warriors were engaged in battle. Powerful forces were unleashed in the air like continuous strikes of thunder and lightning. Several tall towers couldn't withstand the ripples of their genuine essence and shook, while countless citizens fled in all directions, afraid for their lives.
Meanwhile, Linden was on the top floor of his office building. He clenched his fists tightly as he thought, 
That Alex really knows how to cause trouble. He has just caused a commotion in the sea, and now he’s killing people on land. He’s unstoppable!
Linden knew that the four-winged master had appeared and that Alex had entered the castle. He also knew that Antoine, Evan, and Wilfred were engaged in a fierce battle.
He felt bitter because he wasn’t part of the battle with the others. He had wanted to be the one to defeat them all and emerge the victor.
To him, and to others who had reached his level, that was all that mattered. But instead, he was just a 
spectator
, and he was feeling really disappointed.
He had thought about going to join them many times, but each time, he had managed to control his emotions and suppress the impulse.
He gritted his teeth in anger. “Alex, when I get there, I hope you’re still alive,” he muttered under his breath.
Alex didn’t know that
Linden was speaking to him. At that moment, his eyes were focused on the four-winged master in front of him, and a strong urge to fight arose in his heart.
“You lowly human, you’ve insulted me,” said Augustus as he moved closer to Alex. “I’m going to teach you a lesson.”
“
You’re
 going to teach me a lesson?” asked Alex, and then he threw his head back in laughter.
“How dare you! Do you know who I am?” roared Augustus. He was close to a nascent-level warrior, and he couldn’t tolerate this kind of insult.
In his previous life, Alex had once fought with the experts of the Light clan. He had killed three of their eight-winged masters, who were almost at the immortal stage.
The difference between the eight-winged masters and the four-winged master was more than just the number of wings they had. They were superior to him in many ways. Even so, Augustus was currently one of the most powerful warriors in the world. Alex wouldn’t dare to let down his guard when facing such an opponent. 
He raised his celestial staff, and then he threw it at Augustus.
Just as the staff was about to hit him, a pair of scepters appeared in Augustus’ hands, and he rushed forward at an incredible speed. As he struck both scepters together to block the celestial staff, a metallic sound rang out.
The celestial staff bounced back, and the force of the clash sent both Alex and Augustus backward and crashing into the walls of the castle.
“Not bad,” said Alex. “Let’s try again.”
He raised the celestial staff and struck again, but Augustus wasn’t afraid at all and waved his scepter, clashing it against Alex’s staff.
Alex’s body shook from the impact of the collision, but before he could react, the four-winged master raised the scepters again. With a disdainful expression on his face, he brought them down one by one at extreme speed, throwing two consecutive strikes.
But Alex was swift, and used both ends of the celestial staff to block the two strikes. His body shook again, and he was knocked backward.
“Alex, you entered my castle, defeated my men, and insulted me,” said Augustus. “I won’t let you get away with that.”
His pair of scepters shook violently, and then suddenly, his eyes opened wide, and two rays of dazzling white light beamed out and shone on Alex.
The light collided with Alex’s power.
If the four-winged master were anyone else, then he would have been knocked to the ground and unable to get up after being struck by Alex’s power. But he was strong enough to withstand the attack.
Alex looked at Augustus and sneered. “You’re nearly five hundred years old,” he said. “You’ve experienced many battles, and yet I wonder how much power you actually have.” 
Although Augustus could be compared to a nascent-level warrior,
he still had a long way to go in developing his power. Alex, on the other hand, was at the golden core level, and he was almost a true nascent-level warrior, so why would he be afraid of the four-winged master?
Augustus looked at Alex with contempt. “I’m strong enough to defeat you,” he replied. He roared, and then the scepters in his hands transformed into a pair of sharp spears, and he aimed them at Alex.
Then, moving as fast as lightning, he rushed toward Alex like a thunderbolt.
Alex frowned. “I’ll let you see the power of my golden cores,” he shouted.
Then his golden cores began to leave his body one by one and started to rotate around him.
Antoine, Evan, and Wilfred, who were still fighting, stopped and stared at Alex and Augustus in shock. 
Antoine cried out, “Alex has unleashed his seven golden cores!”