Antoine and Evan were both at the divine level, but Antoine had two golden cores, while Evan only had one. Wilfred was managing to hold off Antoine by relying on the terrain.
They all saw the seven revolving golden cores, and they turned to stare at Alex. They couldn’t decide whether they were more impressed by the power of Alex’s seven golden cores or the ferociousness of Augustus.
Alex said, “I’ll show you the power of the perfect golden core.”
He focused his energy and disappeared for a moment before reappearing right behind Augustus. Then he drew back his fist and threw a heavy punch at the master’s back.
Augustus was caught off guard and plummeted from the sky. He fell through the roof of the cathedral, and in the midst of a cloud of dust and smoke, smashed a big hole in its floor.
However, he hadn’t lost his strength. He flapped his four wings and rose into the air again, stabbing at Alex repeatedly, and his attack was as fast as lightning.
When Alex tried to move, he felt the space around him tighten. A layer of white light encircled Augustus and everything else within a ten-yard radius, blocking Alex’s ability to teleport.
“Damn it. He’s created a domain,” Alex muttered to himself. A domain was generally an ability that only nascent warriors possessed, but clearly, Augustus had the power to create an area of space that was completely under his control.
Alex knew how to combat it and quickly cast a spell. His second revolving golden core vibrated, and all the air within the domain became still. Then he stepped into the space unimpeded. More punches were thrown, and Augustus once again ended up on the ground. He growled in frustration, cursing at Alex, and then flew up again.
Alex bellowed, “Stay down.” He followed Augustus, and they were soon engaged in another aerial battle. Every time Augustus got up, Alex attacked, sending him back to land on the ground.
The entire floor of the cathedral had become a gaping hole. The roof of the cathedral had also collapsed, and the surrounding walls looked soon to follow. In a short time, the building had become a death trap.
The two combatants, however, appeared unscathed. They were clearly in pain, but each had the ability to regenerate, so neither of them stayed injured for long.
Alex realized that he had finally met a truly evenly matched opponent. The only other person to have beaten him was the venerable master.
Augustus was of a powerful build, and his body was as hard as rock. Alex was of a similar build, and the fighting was fierce.
Buildings collapsed around them from the trembling created by their battle, and many people fled the scene as the fight escalated. Augustus no longer cared about anything but winning, and he struck out with his scepter, over and over. More shockwaves followed, and even Antoine, Evan, and Maya were forced to retreat. They had no desire to intervene; it was far too dangerous.
Two loud cracking sounds echoed through the air as Alex broke the four-winged master’s scepter. From Augustus’ expression, Alex knew he was about to pay the price for having done so.
“You’re the most powerful opponent I’ve ever met,” Augustus admitted grudgingly. “But I am a god here, and you are not stronger than me.” He then unleashed a punch that utilized the full force of the sun, and a blazing light covered Alex’s body.
Alex lowered his head and looked at the wound that had opened on his chest. Even though he had amazing recovery ability, this time, he wasn’t healing. The light energy coming from Augustus and his scepter was hindering his recovery and keeping the wound open.
Augustus kept up the attack, striking Alex with another burst of light. The cathedral shook worryingly as the light enveloped him, and it now looked like the sun was shining from within his body. As it left him, the light evaporated into nothingness and lengthened into shadows that appeared to devour him.
Alex rallied his strength and said, “I don’t think so. Not today.”
A softly glowing light shone out from his body, and his seven golden cores started rotating at the same time. The light reflected off them as they spun, creating a cage-like structure that protected Alex within it.
Everything else around him had been destroyed by the white light, but he was safe in the middle. He held the celestial staff steady and drew a deep breath to focus his mind.
“I once learned how to control time and space,” he said. “Now I think it’s time to refine my technique and see what this staff can do.”
Then he gritted his teeth as he unleashed the power of one of his golden cores, causing it to explode. The energy wrapped around the celestial staff, moving it forward through time and space. Wherever the body of the staff passed, light turned into darkness. 
“When the staff passes through you, we’ll see what you really are,” he said. “Are you full of darkness or light?”
The celestial staff advanced inch by inch, turning from black to white as it did so, moving toward the light still emanating from Augustus. Before long, the exterior of the staff had become completely white.
As the celestial staff moved forward, Augustus began to change. His body gradually turned black from top to bottom, giving the appearance of dripping ink.
Antoine laughed loudly, delighted by what he was seeing.
Wilfred swallowed hard. He wasn’t on good terms with those present, and if Augustus was defeated, then it would mean that Wilfred would be held accountable for stopping Antoine and the others.
Most of the onlookers watched on in horror as Augustus was engulfed by the darkness and his movements became sluggish. When his feet turned black, he could no longer move. By that stage, he had lost all his strength, and he ended up prostrating on the ground.
All that was left was the light in his eyes, but they were filled with regret, sadness, and anger.
Alex asked, “Are you still unwilling to accept your fate?”
With a swing of his staff, he detonated another golden core. Space and time were in chaos, and the effort caused a trickle of blood to escape from his nose.
“I’m going to send you back to where you came from, and then everyone will see the truth,” he said. “You, Sigismund, and Kristof will be gone, and you won’t be able to interfere with anyone again.” Then he took a step forward and swung the celestial staff toward the four-winged master’s inert body.