Alex was growing tired of this fight, and he needed to end it. He tapped into his inner power, and as a powerful gold light surrounded his body, he rushed forward and slashed out with his blade.
At the same time, Raven drew a black-and-white jade ball from his sleeve. The energy surrounding the ball took the form of two dragons. 
At the sight of this ball, Alex frowned. 
Hmm, this is not so good
, he thought. For hundreds of years, the Thunder sect had worked hard to harness both positive and negative energy from the divine realm to create a power strong enough to destroy the entire Earth. Now it looked like Raven was preparing to unleash it.
A moment later, Raven released the ball. Waves of black and white energy rose into the air and exploded, causing a massive thunderstorm. The power of this divine ball was like a small nuclear weapon. The ground below was covered by black and white gas that destroyed everything in its path.
“This time you put in some effort,” Alex said as he stepped from the thunderstorm, clapping his hands in mock applause. He was dressed in golden armor, and a golden light radiated all around him. He would never reveal his true feelings to his enemy, but inside, he was burning with rage because he hadn’t expected Raven to play that card. 
If I hadn’t been so quick to protect myself with this armor, I could have been seriously injured
, he thought.
What! This moron is still alive?
 Raven thought as he took a deep breath. The lightning ball was the ultimate treasure of the Thunder sect, and nobody in the divine realm would dare take it on. He couldn’t believe that Alex was strong enough to survive a direct hit.
Alex began to draw closer.
“So, you’re ready for round two?” Raven asked, as he quickly struck once more with the ball. This time, the ball didn’t move toward Alex; Raven had aimed it straight at the mountain. “See how you like that!”
In an instant, Alex chased after the divine ball
. I must stop it, 
he thought. 
If this ball hits the mountain, it will wipe out everything around it, including my friends.
Drawing strength from his inner power, he quickly caught up with the black-and-white ball and cast a spell. The energy around the ball began to calm down, and it was eventually frozen in the air by a powerful seal.
By this time, Raven sensed that his life was truly in danger. A bluish-white lightning bolt surrounded his body, and he began to flee. 
“You can run to the ends of the Earth,” Alex shouted as he chased after him. “But no matter where you go, I will track you down.”
**
As they disappeared into the sky, the few people on the mountain looked upward in shock. They understood that Raven was an all-powerful divine master who had won countless battles in his lifetime. But it looked as if he was now struggling against Alex’s power.
They hoped that Raven would not make it back to the divine realm. If he were to escape Alex’s clutches this time, then he would surely return with many more divine masters and take revenge on Alex and on the entire Earth. 
**
Miles up in the sky, Alex caught up with Raven. He raised his forefinger and blew up an oncoming spirit weapon.
Raven was running out of options, so he invoked the mist spell he had used on Elsa and Edith earlier. Alex watched as a cloud of red smoke wrapped around Raven, who began to flee once more. Alex saw him move closer to the entrance to the divine realm, and he chased after him. 
At this point, Raven was beginning to feel some hope. He had almost reached the portal back to the immortal world. It could only be another hundred feet or so. Just as he was almost there, a blast of light flashed before him. Standing between him and the portal, he could see Alex, who was now dressed all in black.
“I should have known,” Raven said as he let out a heavy sigh. “You know, Alex, if we were in the divine realm, I could unveil the sect’s supreme treasure. You would have absolutely no hope against that. Unfortunately, I didn’t bring much with me when I came to Earth. I suppose that gives you an advantage.”
“Even if you’d brought your best weapons from the other side of this portal, it wouldn’t matter,” Alex said, shrugging. “I would still be able to defeat you.” 
“Your bragging knows no bounds, Alex,” Raven said with a snort. “But there’s no doubt that you’re incredibly powerful. I don’t believe there’s been anyone on Earth who could match your strength in the past ten thousand years. You know, back in the ancient era, you may have become a divine immortal and even joined the Thunder sect. But things are different now in the mortal world. I can tell that your cultivation has already reached its peak, so there’s no place for you among the gods.”
“Nice speech,” Alex replied. “But no matter what you say, it won’t deter me.”
He clasped his hands behind his back and stepped forward, his eyes on Raven.
As he took another step closer to Raven, a divine light of blue and gold flame burst from his body, and his golden armor appeared once again. 
A fantastic boom resounded in the sky as the final battle began.
Once again, Raven unleashed his sect’s secret techniques in fast succession. His aura grew as he slashed out with the Sword of Heavenly Punishment.
With each slash, Alex never flinched. He simply held his position in the sky and threw out punch after punch. No matter what spell or technique his opponent sent his way, he shattered it with a single blow. He took ten steps forward and punched ten times in a row, destroying several weapons and sending their remnants flying.
With the next punch, he sent Raven flying toward Earth, creating a huge abyss on the ground.
Below him, Alex saw Raven spit out a mouthful of blood. Then, moments later, he shot back up into the sky. His hair fluttered in the wind, and he looked like a wild beast.
With a single snap of his fingers, Raven cast nine lightning spells in a row, and then the nine balls merged into one big, colorful ball of lightning. With the powerful energy emanating from the fiery ball, there was an atmosphere of chaos in the sky. Raven had invoked one of the Thunder sect’s forbidden spells. Over the years, countless elders of the sect had suffered serious backlash from the spell, so in recent times, they had prohibited their descendants from unleashing its terrifying power.
Raven reached forward and tapped the lightning ball. Immediately, it exploded with a tremendous bang.
Lightning bolts covered the sky for miles around, and half of the stone platform that Alex and Raven stood on was swallowed in the explosion.