The elders frowned, and the leader said, “You may be powerful, but don’t think you can kill Callum and get away with it. How dare you act so impudently in my territory! We have an immortal from Earth. No matter how strong you are, do you really think you can defeat an immortal?”
The people were amazed.
The various large sects were able to rule over the divine realm and control billions of people because they had an Earth immortal guarding them.
Otherwise, just Sword City alone could summon hundreds of warriors and tear the three elders from the High sect to pieces. After all, the people of the divine realm had trained their inner power, and they were far stronger than their counterparts on Earth.
Alex didn’t even bother to argue. He just stared at them and shouted, “Fine, then. I’ll 
make
 you kneel!”
A monstrous energy surged out of his body.
The three birds wailed, dropped their heads, and folded their wings. The three immortal elders tried to resist, but when confronted by Alex’s vast aura, all of them fell to their knees.
“Divine stage! You’re actually at the divine stage!” the leader said with a trembling voice.
In the High sect, there were only a few elders and master who had broken through to the divine stage, so they were all shaken.
Alex was so young to have already reached that stage. Normally, only the core disciples of a great sect could develop such talent.
The elders began to wonder if he really was a disciple of a higher sect.
After that, under the dumbfounded gazes of the people of Sword City, the three elders obediently bowed to Magnus and apologized respectfully.
The leading elder even gave a bottle of spiritual pills to Verity, repeatedly admitting that they had acted recklessly and begging for her forgiveness.
Her eyes widened in disbelief.
The immortal elders of the High sect usually behaved just like other immortals, and it was odd to see them being so respectful.
Everyone looked at Alex in awe, unable to believe he had made them kneel.
Magnus burst out laughing and his eyes sparkled with admiration. “How the times have changed.”
The three elders came over and said, “Immortal master, we have already apologized. Can we leave now?”
Alex narrowed his eyes and said, “Not so fast.”
He had only entered the divine realm for two reasons.
First, he had wanted to find the Celestial Road, and second, he had wanted to suppress the realm and ensure that they no longer looked down on Earth. And all of this required him to restore his energy, or perhaps even advance to the next level.
The turbulent storms in the spatial passageway had been terrifying, and Alex had only recovered half his strength. He wanted to completely restore it, so he urgently needed to find enough herbs to concoct a medicine to help him return to his peak.
“Do you know where I can find tricolor flowers, tundra fruit, or an ice lotus?” Alex asked. They were all powerful medicines, but very few people in this realm had heard of them. 
The three men from the High sect looked at him blankly.
“If you don’t know anything about it, then what do I need you for?” Alex said. He narrowed his eyes and looked ready to strike.
“Wait!” the lead elder said, holding up a hand. “I’ve heard of the ice lotus. It was said that there was one planted in the depths of the Snow Palace. The flower blooms every five hundred years, and it’s the most precious medicine there is. It’s very strange, but it can both cure people and kill them. When prepared properly, it can give you ten thousand years of immortality. When it’s blooming, you will see its dazzling aura from far away, but when you approach it, you’ll freeze into ice. That’s how you can recognize the ice lotus.”
“It looks like I’ll have to make a trip to the Snow Palace,” Alex said, rubbing his chin.
The elders had already guessed what Alex was planning, but they couldn’t believe it. He was talking about one of the seven great sects of the divine realm, and it had a powerful guardian.
Alex let the elders go. After the three of them had left the city, the youngest quickly regained some of his confidence.
“I must avenge today’s humiliation,” he said. “Also, those bastards of Sword City dared to draw their swords at us, so they deserve to go to hell!”
“This matter needs to be discussed,” the leader said. “A divine-stage immortal master has appeared, and he’s as powerful as a disciple of a higher sect. We must report it.”
After the three of them had left, the people of the city recovered, and looks of worry gradually appeared on their faces.
“They were all immortal elders of the High sect,” Magnus told Alex. “Naturally, 
you
 don’t have to fear them, but we can’t withstand their anger.”
“Why are you afraid of them?” Verity asked. “We have an immortal master here. Besides, our sister Agatha is powerful. Once she returns, we’ll annihilate the entire High sect.”
Alex looked up at Verity. He had heard of her elder sister many times, and it was said that her talent was astonishing. She had been taken away by an immortal master at a young age and had rarely returned home. The last time she had come back, she had already been incredibly powerful. Now, she had grown even stronger, and she was considered incomparably beautiful. Even the elders of the High sect had their eyes on her.
Magnus shook his head. “Agatha is too far away,” he said.
He didn’t say anything else about it. Instead, he tried his best to help Alex. Whenever Alex needed any herbs, he would use all his strength to search for them.
One day, Alex stopped him and asked him what he wanted.
“Verity has been somewhat mischievous since she was young,” Magnus explained haltingly. “If she could become your student, then the city would be forever in your debt.”
Alex found that funny. He cast a sidelong glance at Verity and smiled.
Verity turned her face away and pretended not to hear them, but it was obvious that she was looking forward to him helping her.
“Well...” he said, hesitating.
Then a voice came from outside.
“Brother, I’ll take Verity back with me. There is no need to trouble others.”
A beautiful woman pushed open the door and walked inside. The moment she 
entered,
 the entire room lit up as if an angel had descended to Earth. She looked extremely otherworldly.
“Agatha,” Magnus said, forcing a smile. “You’re back.”
When Verity saw her, she whispered, “Agatha.”
“I was passing by Twisted Mountain territory,” Agatha said, “when I heard that a distinguished guest had arrived, so I made a detour to collect Verity.” She looked at Alex suspiciously.
“Which sect are you from?” Agatha asked. “I know all the great sects, so why haven’t I heard of you?”
“I’ve been in seclusion and rarely show myself,” Alex replied, shrugging. “It’s no surprise that you haven’t seen me before.”