“Lloyd was a true warrior,” a voice called. “With a single sword strike, he pierced the river and subdued a water dragon. No one can match him, so who are you to boast so shamelessly? You couldn’t beat him with both hands, let alone one.”
Alex frowned and turned to look at the speaker.
He spotted a group of three men and two women walking slowly toward him. The leader of the group wore a long black robe embroidered with lightning bolts, and his eyes flickered with power.
“It’s Enzo Sanchez from the Thunder sect!” a blonde woman exclaimed, pointing at him. “His power is second only to Diego.” She looked around and lowered her voice. “I heard that he has a fierce temper and has been known to kill people who offend him.”
The Thunder sect had many powerful warriors. Diego was better than most, but there were a few who could stand shoulder to shoulder with him.
As Enzo walked, the wind whirled around him, and thunder rumbled. Lightning flashed in his eyes, and it was clear that he was immensely powerful. On Earth, he would be ranked among the top five warriors.
“If you say so,” Alex said insolently. “Do you want me to demonstrate on you?”
Everyone was bewildered by Alex’s response. Enzo was one of the most powerful warriors of his generation, and he was also cruel and bloodthirsty. No one could believe that Alex would dare to provoke him in front of everyone, and they began to whisper to each other.
“Who is this young man?”
“I’ve never seen him before. Do you think he’s a disciple of one of the sects?”
“How dare you speak to me like that!” Enzo yelled, anger blazing from his eyes. He took a step forward, preparing to attack.
Verity looked at Agatha in a panic. She knew exactly how terrifying Enzo was, and it made her anxious.
Agatha frowned. “Enzo, he is a guest of the Purple sect,” she said. “You can settle any grudges after the assembly, but until then, I have to insist that you leave him alone.”
Enzo stopped walking and glared at Alex, his lip curling with contempt.
“All right, Agatha,” he said. “I’ll obey your rules.” He turned back to Alex. “But you have insulted my sect, and as soon as the assembly is over, I will hunt you down and break every bone in your body.”
With that, he turned on his heel and stalked away.
After he had gone, Agatha scowled at Alex. “I did that for Verity’s sake,” she said. “But that was the last time I will help you, so keep your head down and stay out of trouble. You are no match for anyone here.”
She turned to leave, and the two disciples with her sneered at Alex and then followed.
Alex and Verity were left standing by themselves.
Everyone knew that Alex had offended Enzo, so no one dared to talk to him. They shook their heads in disapproval and left. 
“Alex, I heard that Enzo is ferocious and likes to torture people,” Verity said, biting her lip. “He once tortured one of his own disciples for three days and nights before killing him. That’s why Diego holds a higher position in the sect. If Enzo is after you, then you’re in a lot of danger.” She tugged at his sleeve. “Why don’t I go and ask Agatha to intervene? Maybe she can throw her weight around to make Enzo back off. She has an important position in the Purple sect, so he will have to listen to her.”
Alex found her concern amusing.
“Don’t worry,” he said, patting her shoulder. “Even Lloyd was no match for me, so Enzo is nothing. If he comes after me, then I will destroy his entire sect.”
Verity smiled and nudged him. “You really are shameless,” she teased. “You like to brag, but you couldn’t even beat Agatha, so how do you expect to take on the entire Thunder sect?”
“I could explain it,” Alex said, winking at her, “but then I’d have to kill you.”
Although Agatha had successfully headed off any trouble, everyone was whispering about the man who had been audacious enough to annoy Enzo. Alex spent every day with the Purple sect, slowly building up his power and healing his body. Whenever he went out for a walk, some people gazed at him with pity, while others jeered at him.
Verity was still anxious, and she was trying to think of a way to solve the problem of Enzo.
Meanwhile, Alex didn’t care. As long as he could recover from his injuries, he would be fine, so he wasn’t at all worried about Enzo.
As the time for the assembly approached, more and more people arrived from all over the divine realm. Many of them were extraordinary. Some were cold and dangerous, while others were stunning and attracted everyone’s attention.
“Look! It’s Fern Bancroft,” one young man said, unable to take his eyes off her. “She’s one of the most beautiful women in the realm. Her father is a powerful man, and he has the same status as an elder from one of the great sects.”
“Hey, is that bald guy Maddox Webber of the Mountain sect?” his girlfriend asked, craning her neck to get a better look at him. “He’s actually quite handsome. I thought he was too busy training to attend.”
Most eyes were still on Fern, who looked like a fairytale princess. She wore white, and a circlet sat on her head, glinting in the sunshine. Her anklets had little bells that sounded with every step she took, and she was surrounded by guards, who glared at anyone who got too close to her.
Maddox strode confidently forward, flashing a grin at several young women, who giggled and fluttered their eyelashes at him. The other women sighed, jealous at not attracting his attention.
Blake Olsen arrived by boat. He stood at the bow, his long hair streaming out behind him in the breeze. His eyes were focused on the crowd, and he looked extremely dignified.
“Although Fern is famous for her beauty, she’s almost as powerful as Enzo and the others,” Agatha said, frowning as she examined her competition. “As for Blake, he’s from one of the top families in the realm. And Maddox? He has developed an indestructible body, which gives him the ultimate defense. Even I can’t do anything to him. I’m sure he’ll end up ranked in the top five for this generation.”
“Agatha, you’re the best,” Verity insisted. “I’m sure you can defeat them and become the champion. You can totally beat them up!” She enthusiastically waved her fists in the air.
“The champion?” Agatha repeated, chuckling. She shook her head. “No. We all know who that will be. No one can defeat him. Even if I trained for another thousand years, I still wouldn’t be good enough.”
Everyone knew that she was talking about Hendrix Snyder.
Within the divine realm, everyone looked up to him. He had been invincible from the day he had been born. Rumor had it that he had never had to use more than eighty percent of his strength to defeat an opponent.
“But Agatha, you’re high in the ranks of the Purple sect,” Verity said, frowning at her. “And our sect is one of the seven great ones, so you might be able to take him.”
“Verity, you have never seen Hendrix fight before,” Agatha pointed out, her expression a little bitter. “You can’t even imagine how terrifying he is. Three years ago, he entered the immortal realm, and who knows what level he has reached since then?”
She looked down and blushed.
Everyone was shocked, especially Verity. She couldn’t believe that her proud elder sister had actually admitted that she was not a match for someone. What kind of person was Hendrix to have provoked such a response?
Alex wasn’t paying attention, and his eyes were dull, as if he were in a daze.
Agatha looked him over, comparing him to Hendrix, and then she shook her head. It was like trying to compare apples and oranges. She had never seen any ambition or fighting spirit in Alex.
I definitely can’t let him and Verity be together,
 she thought, making up her mind.
**
After Maddox, Fern, Blake, and the others had arrived, the top warriors of the younger generation began to step onto the stage.
The most sensational news was the arrival of the people from the Snow Palace sect.