“That’s enough!” Hendrix said, his voice carrying across the courtyard.
Although Enzo was a bad-tempered man, he didn’t dare pick a fight with Hendrix, so he lowered his head and sat back down.
“The kid is arrogant,” he said. “Before we came up here, he insulted Lloyd’s memory and said that he could have defeated him with only one hand. He’s insufferable, so I must teach him a lesson. Let me do so, and then he will respect the dignity of an eminent immortal and the great sects.”
The immortals frowned and looked over at Alex.
Lloyd’s natural talent had been outstanding, and he had once surpassed his peers and had taken on the water dragon. His skills were legendary, so how could a nobody speak ill of him?
Enzo knew that Hendrix worshipped Lloyd and considered him the standard he wanted to meet, and perhaps, also surpass. He would never allow anyone to humiliate his idol.
“Oh?” Hendrix asked, frowning. “Is that what he said?”
One of the members of the High sect, Alaric, had a solemn expression on his face. He clenched his fists as he said, “Lloyd was a respected member of my sect. How dare this young man be so impudent!”
This time, even Fern did not dare to stand up for Alex. He had angered the High sect, and she couldn’t afford to upset them.
“Agatha?” Verity said, her eyes shining with tears. “Can’t you do something?”
Agatha’s expression was stony as she said, “He brought this on himself. After all, to avoid all this, he only had to keep his mouth shut. But no, he had to go around, shooting his mouth off and talking nonsense. I’ve already stepped in once, and I can’t spend the rest of my life trying to save him from himself.”
“But Agatha, please!” Verity was so anxious that she was shaking, and she wanted to explain to everyone that Alex had only been joking.
Everyone was furious. Verity was nothing compared to them, so they were irritated by her interruption.
“Now, now, Alaric,” Enzo said, his smile a little sinister. “If there is to be a fight, then you must let me go first.”
Finally, Alex opened his eyes. Then he stood up, turned around, and looked directly at Enzo.
“Was that you that was shouting?” he asked innocently.
“Enzo said that you ridiculed Lloyd,” Hendrix said, scowling at Alex. “Is that true?” 
Alex ignored him and continued to look at Enzo.
“You have been trying to pick a fight with me ever since we met, and I really can’t be bothered with you,” he said, folding his arms. “Do you really think that I’m so easy to bully?”
“So what if I do?” Enzo asked, shrugging. Lightning flashed around him, and he crackled with inner power.
Alex didn’t answer. He just stretched out his hand toward Enzo.
A huge invisible force sprang into being, pulling Enzo closer like a black hole swallowing a planet.
Enzo scowled, and then lightning exploded. He focused all his power, attempting to break free from Alex’s hold on him.
Alex’s expression was neither happy nor sad, and he still stood there quietly, not moving.
Enzo was shocked to realize that he couldn’t escape from the invisible suction force. No matter how hard he tried, he was inexorably dragged ever nearer to Alex.
Alex then yanked him closer, and then held him there, a short distance away, before using his power to slap him.
“What about now?” he asked with a bored expression. “Do you still think you can push me around?”
“Bastard! Let go of me!” Enzo shouted, his eyes burning with hatred and his face contorted with fury. Dazzling golden lightning sizzled over his body, betraying Enzo’s state of mind. He had never been so humiliated in his life.
“I swear that I will catch you and then spend a thousand years firing lightning bolts at you!” Enzo said with a snarl. “I will use you for target practice, and I will destroy your soul.” 
Alex didn’t even blink, and he didn’t seem at all concerned about Enzo’s threats. He took a single step forward, using his power to throw Enzo to the ground, making sure he landed face first, breaking his nose.
Everyone gaped in shock and looked at Alex as if he were a monster.
Enzo was a disciple of the Thunder sect. He may not be as powerful as some of the other warriors, but he was still much stronger than Alex, and he shouldn’t have been so easily defeated.
Agatha’s eyes widened. She hadn’t expected Alex to be so strong. Now it appeared that he was capable of reaching the peak of the divine level.
“Ouch,” Maddox muttered. “I’m glad he went first.”
“Enzo has stood up for the seniors of our sect,” Hendrix called out. “If he has had enough, then I will be happy to take his place. If not, then let Enzo try again.”
“I want another shot!” Enzo yelled. He glared at Alex. “You caught me by surprise last time, but let’s go again, and I’ll destroy you with my lightning!”
Alex struck again, his power slamming Enzo through a wall, leaving a large, human-shaped hole. Several of Enzo’s bones were broken, including several ribs, and he was finding it difficult to breathe.
But, within moments, a faint white light surrounded his body, coming from the talisman given to him by his father. It was incredibly powerful and allowed him to withstand a lot of damage.
Hendrix scowled at Alex, furious at his lack of respect. They had given him every chance to back down and walk away, but instead, he had attacked Enzo again, provoking the anger of the other warriors.
Maddox frowned. Alex had refused to listen to any of them, which was a grave insult. He slowly stood up, using his power to activate his indestructible body.
Without saying a word, Alaric unsheathed his sword.
“Don’t let him go!” Milton yelled.
“O Great One!” Enzo roared. “If you have the ability, then kill me. Otherwise, I will slaughter your entire family!” Then he spewed out vile curses, threatening Alex with everything he could think of. With the talisman to protect his body, he wasn’t afraid of Alex’s retribution. Instead, he became more and more arrogant.
“Is that so?” Alex asked, raising an eyebrow. “All right, then.”
He used his suction force to drag Enzo closer again. Everyone had thought that he would submit when faced with the power of the seven great sects. But then he focused his energy and pulled hard, crushing Enzo’s body and soul. The white light surrounding Enzo shattered and winked out of existence.
Enzo had been a well-respected warrior from the Thunder sect, and he had been at the peak of the divine level. He had even had possession of a powerful talisman, so he hadn’t truly believed
that anyone could kill him.
As a result, he died with a look of shock on his face.
The entire courtyard was deathly silent.
Hendrix watched Alex, saying nothing. No one had thought that Alex would really kill Enzo.
“How is this possible?” Fern asked, her voice barely audible.
Everyone stared, their eyes wide with disbelief.
They had thought that Alex was just an ordinary divine-level warrior. But his attack had been earth-shattering, and he had killed Enzo so easily, as if he had been squishing a bug.
Agatha was rooted to the spot, unable to believe her own eyes.
“He actually killed Enzo,” she whispered, unable to look away.
She had never realized Alex’s true strength, but she also hadn’t known how ruthless he was, or that he would kill with no hesitation.