Verity just stood there, blinking slowly, her expression confused.
“Let me fight Alex next.” Maddox stepped forward, his skin glowing with a faint golden light.
On his left, Blake’s eyes were shining with anticipation. To his right, Zayden from the Great World sect had already stood up. There were two telekinetic dragons coiling around his hands, and their roars could already be heard.
“Alex, we have no objections to you choosing any one of us,” Zayden said with an arrogant smile. Everyone kept their eyes on Alex, waiting to see who he would choose. Whether it was Maddox, Blake, or Zayden, it would be a tough battle. With their abilities, they would force Alex to use his true strength.
Agatha, who had begun to stand up, slowly sat back down.
She was about the same level as Maddox and the others, so instead of attacking by herself, she decided it would be much better to watch them first.
Alex shrugged. “Whatever. Why don’t all three of you attack together? Come on, I’m in a hurry.”
Alex stood with his hands behind his back, rocking back and forward. He didn’t look at his challengers, but looked over at the Dark River.
“That’s incredibly arrogant!” Maddox exclaimed. “Do you think we’re so easy to defeat?”
The three challengers turned to look at each other, seeing their own outrage reflected in the faces of the others.
Zayden, who had the fiercest temper, attacked first. In his hands, the two scarlet dragons transformed into a dozen dragons, which all charged at Alex.
Zayden’s dragon technique was the most powerful of the Great World sect’s abilities. Legend had it that, when taken to the extreme, a warrior could create eighteen such dragons with a single thought. Although Zayden had not reached that level, his skill was still chilling.
Alex casually crushed the first crimson dragon in his palm. A dragon that was strong enough to break a steel pillar was crumpled like a piece of paper with very little effort.
“Step back. Let me fight him.” Blake opened his mouth and blew out a purple flame as thick as a child’s arm. The flame produced hissing and crackling sounds in the air and scorched anything nearby. Blake’s technique was said to be able to defeat immortals.
Alex blew out slowly, causing his energy to scatter and extinguish the violet flames.
“Stand aside, Blake. You’d better let me have a go.” Maddox was delighted to see the others fail, and he laughed heartily. His entire body was covered in a golden light, and he strode forward and launched a punch at Alex’s chest. The power of that punch was enough to split open a mountain, and it was said to be indestructible. No one dared to take it head on.
But Alex didn’t try to dodge it. He allowed the punch to hit his chest, but when it landed, he didn’t even budge an inch.
“How is this possible?” Everyone was shocked by how easily Alex had blocked the joint attack of the three men. Zayden, Blake, and Maddox were among the top five warriors of the younger generation.
People were especially taken aback by how Alex had taken Maddox’s punch, which had been fierce enough to shake an immortal. Alex hadn’t even tried to evade the hit, but had allowed it to hit him. Hendrix frowned slightly, while the others were utterly stunned.
Smiling at Maddox’s shocked gaze, Alex turned to face all three opponents.
“Well, now it’s my turn.” He raised his head and gave them a predatory smile. He then stretched out his right hand, clenched it into a fist, and punched outward.
The earth and sky flashed with color.
Alex had harnessed the powerful genuine essence that fell from the sky like a river flowing down from the mountains. It was mighty and unstoppable.
Maddox crossed his arms in front of his chest and formed a protective seal, but he was still rocked by Alex’s punch. The strike landed on Maddox’s chest, caving in his ribs, and although his feet dug deep into the ground, he was still forced back a great distance.
At this moment, even Annalise, who had been calm and composed all this time, showed signs of unease. Maddox’s protective seal was able to withstand the power of an immortal, but it couldn’t even withstand a single punch from Alex, and now Maddox looked seriously injured.
Alex made a swift calculation. He was still injured, and had yet to recover his full strength, but he had an advantage over his opponents now.
“Again!” he shouted. He pointed at the sky, and black flames shot out from his finger, burning everything in their path. When Blake saw the flames, he summoned his power, trying as hard as he could to create a wall of fire, but Alex burned through it in moments.
Blake had only just escaped from Alex’s attack. His body was covered in burns, and his hair was singed away entirely in places.
Alex glared at Zayden.
A terrifying light shot out from Alex’s eyes and struck at Zayden, who sneered, trusting in his inner energy, which was as powerful as an immortal’s. The whole of the Great World sect was famous for the development of their energy, and Zayden was one of their strongest members.
But when Alex and Zayden’s forces collided, Zayden’s body shook violently. Blood started to trickle from his ears and nose, and he felt like he had been run over by a truck.
In the blink of an eye, Alex had defeated three warriors using only a single punch, a single finger, and a single glance.
As she watched, Annalise thought, 
Alex is obviously extremely powerful, plus his physique, divine abilities, and senses have all reached an incredibly high level. He’s stronger than any immortal, so he’s definitely someone to watch.
The other observers all had stunned expressions, but Agatha was beyond shocked. Not one of the three who had fought Alex was weaker than her, but they had each been defeated so easily. Had Alex already surpassed everyone else and become the best of this generation?
“I refuse to accept this!” Maddox had started to recover. Although he was still coughing up blood, the golden light around his body was getting brighter. Both of his eyes had turned golden, and his strength was rising instead of falling.
He lifted his foot and took a difficult step forward.
When Maddox took this step, the entire world rumbled, and energy gathered behind him and formed a golden wheel of light. Maddox stood in the center, and the eight immortals who had been watching the battle raised their eyebrows slightly.
The other disciples were even more excited, believing that they were about to finally see the full strength of the warriors. Maddox and the others had already reached the immortal realm, and they could use the power of heaven and earth with just a wave of their hands. They were far more powerful than any ordinary warriors.
“I also refuse to accept this!” Blake soared into the sky, his energy rising steadily as he burst into purple flames. Surging fire energy, with him at the center, transformed into a dragon that stretched for miles, shaking the heavens and earth.
Zayden, who was still bleeding, burst out laughing, and he looked like he had gone mad. His mental energy surged and four spiritual dragons, each far more powerful than the ones before, appeared behind him.
Zayden took one step to the heavens, riding on the wind as he walked.
In an instant, the three warriors all entered the immortal realm. They even stirred up the nearby Dark River, causing the water to surge and churn.
“What’s going on?” someone muttered.
Everyone below the court stood up in excitement.