An old man who was watching from below spoke first. “That looks like the energy of an immortal… wait, look! There are 
three
 energies. Do you think that means that all three of them have won the battle and become immortal?” 
His comment provoked much discussion. “That can’t be right. The trial only began half a day ago, and the battles between the top warriors will be the finale. Don’t get ahead of yourself.”
As everyone below was wondering what was going on, a battle was about to break out above them.
Facing the three immortals, Alex remained calm. He raised his head and gazed into the distance at the Dark River, and a premonition told him that an enormous water dragon was heading toward them.
“Alex, you have forced us to use our trump card,” Blake said. “You should feel honored.”
Alex raised his eyebrows and replied, “You guys talk too much nonsense. If you want to attack, then hurry up. You’re all courting death here, and delaying things won’t make it any better for you.”
Zayden sneered at him as he gestured with his left hand. Four golden dragons, each more than twenty feet long, appeared in the sky above them. Behind them, there were also four whirling tornados that were over a hundred feet high. It was as if a storm of lightning had descended upon the world.
A mere mortal could not withstand the power of an immortal.
Blake stepped forward. Lifting his chin, he opened his mouth and blew out divine flames. When he clapped his hands, the flames exploded and turned into a rain of fire that filled the sky. Hidden within the fire was a wheel of purple flame which launched an attack. 
The last one to attack was Maddox.
He had suffered the most injuries, but the power of his attack was the most shocking.
He took a step forward, and light shone from his body, which grew bigger until he became more than ten feet tall. His skin was like gold, and it was filled with an immortal aura.
Maddox stretched out his hand and hit out at Alex from where he stood. This was a supremely high-level technique, which had the power to subdue dragons and suppress tigers, and no one had thought that Maddox would be able to use it.
Alex watched his opponents carefully, and then he made his decision. There was no emotion in Alex’s eyes, just calculation. He moved slightly and broke the sound barrier.
Then he flew up like a dragon, soaring into the sky with a shockingly bright white light. He placed one hand in front of his chest and formed a fist, which he pressed down.
His punch instantly destroyed Zayden’s four dragons, and Zayden looked terrified. He let out a strange cry and set up a defensive mind barrier. But in the face of Alex’s power, all resistance was useless. Zayden’s barrier disintegrated, and Alex stepped forward and pressed his palm lightly on Zayden’s forehead.
Zayden instantly exploded, his body shattering into countless fragments. Even his soul turned to ashes under Alex’s touch.
Immediately after that, Alex stretched out his bare hand to grab the purple wheel of flames that Blake had deployed. Blake realized what was happening and thought that Alex had made his first mistake. He was just about to use the purple wheel to cut Alex in two when he saw Alex grab it and throw it back at him.
The purple wheel flew across the sky ten times faster than before. It sliced through the flames in the sky, and before Blake could react, his entire body was split down the middle; even his soul was cut in half.
The second of the powerful warriors had been defeated.
Finally, Alex turned his head, and without dodging, he struck out with his palm to meet Maddox’s attack.
Palm against palm, physical body against physical body, the two clashed.
When Maddox’s giant golden body collided with Alex, a loud sound like the ringing of a great bell could be heard for miles around.
A brilliant golden light burst out from Maddox’s body. His power to subdue dragons and tigers was pushed to the extreme, and before long, blood began to flow out from his nose and ears.
Alex’s expression was calm, but his body was faintly glowing with a blue-gold divine light.
Maddox’s palm started to break apart. First, it was his hand, and then it was his arm, shoulders, chest, and lower limbs until even his head exploded. His entire body turned into a rain of light and dissipated within moments.
Finally, only Alex remained. He stood proudly on the stage and looked around at everyone. He had only used one hand from the beginning to the end of the fight; the other had always been held behind his back.
The crowd fell silent as they realized the implications. Alex had killed the three warriors with just one hand.
Annalise, Agatha, and the others were all speechless. Since Alex had first stood up, they had been stunned time and time again, but this was the most shocking event of all. Three top level warriors—three immortals—all killed by Alex, who had used only one hand.
From the beginning to the end, Alex had been calm and collected. With just a few gestures, he had crushed his opponents as easily as if he were stepping on bugs. Maddox, in particular, had used techniques of great power, but everything he had tried had been countered by Alex’s brute force. The possible meaning behind what they had witnessed was terrifying.
For a moment, even the eight remaining immortal realm warriors stood still, too stunned to move.
Many bewildered and fearful gazes fell upon Alex, who merely stood there calmly, as if he wasn’t the one who had just killed three high-level opponents.
Muttered voices were heard. “He’s so powerful—too powerful! I thought he was a coward and didn’t dare to accept the challenge. But now it seems like he just didn’t want to bicker with Enzo.”
Fern and Agatha looked on, with contrasting expressions on their faces. Fern was sparkling with excitement, which made her look beautiful. In comparison, Agatha’s expression was ugly. She had always looked down on Alex, thinking that he was arrogant beyond his abilities, but now she realized the truth, and she was afraid of him.
“Anybody else want to fight me?” Alex asked indifferently.
There was a movement to the side of the hall, and all eyes flicked across to look at Hendrix, who pushed himself away from the wall where he had been leaning.
He was wearing a black robe with nine dragons on it, and he looked extremely angry. His eyes were dark and unreadable.
It was clear that Annalise, Agatha, and those of their level would be no match for Alex. So, everyone now placed their hopes on Hendrix.