“Nine swords as one, go!” As he spoke, Alex flicked his finger, and instantly, nine flying swords shot out. In the sky, a faint light could be seen, like strands of energy, almost invisible to the naked eye.
As the golden light-sword wrapped around Hendrix’s rainbow, it cut through it like wire, breaking it apart. Alex’s golden thread cut through the huge artifact and slashed down toward Hendrix.
Hendrix felt safe from Alex’s attack because his body was surrounded by powerful energy, and layers of secret treasures protected his body, providing many protective barriers, which spread outward from him. However, under the attack from the golden thread, they all exploded. Left defenseless, Hendrix could do nothing but look on in horror as his energy was cut in half by Alex’s light-sword before it passed directly into his body.
Alex’s sword technique was all-conquering, and there was nothing he could not cut down. Although the flying swords had begun as a low-grade artifact, Alex’s ability to take down someone of Hendrix’s standing had shown just how much power had been infused into the weapons.
Everyone stood rooted to the spot, unable to believe what they had seen. Even the eight immortal warriors were speechless. Although Hendrix had just risen to his current level and had yet to develop many of the available techniques, he was still an Earth immortal. And yet Alex had cut his energy in two without breaking a sweat and had injured him badly. They had never witnessed anything like it before.
Suddenly Hendrix let out a furious roar, his expression one of hatred.
Unlike the impact on a mortal, such a significant injury had not killed him. Even cut nearly in half at the waist, he was still able to draw on enough energy to heal himself. But the entire experience had still been humiliating for Hendrix, and he couldn’t stand it.
“Alex, I am going to enjoy killing you now!” Hendrix shouted. Both of his eyes turned transparent, and time seemed to condense. Alex’s image was suddenly reflected across the void, where two ripples could be seen sweeping along.
“Hendrix’s eyes are controlling time!” Annalise said, narrowing her eyes to watch more closely. “He has finally used his innate ability.”
Fern nodded. “Legend has it that, with this power, his eyes can freeze time and space. That’s an invincible divine ability. Even an Earth immortal would be unable to break free from his grasp. Alex is in serious trouble now!”
Agatha, Verity, and the others watched nervously.
They saw Alex’s body suddenly freeze in the air, like a mosquito frozen in amber. All the time and space around Alex was frozen.
Hendrix smiled. Although this innate ability wasn’t easy to activate, its power was boundless. In a battle, it might even cause a giant to fall. Alex wasn’t even an Earth immortal, so now he was entirely at Hendrix’s mercy.
“Let’s see now. How am I going to kill you?” taunted Hendrix. He drew out a high-ranked flying blade and sent it to slash at Alex.
The other Earth immortals looked on, certain that Alex was about to die. In particular, Jaden Snyder, Hendrix’s father, was watching with a chilling smile. Alex’s sword had injured Hendrix, causing Jaden to hate Alex even more. Fortunately, his son still had a trump card, or else Jaden would have attacked long ago.
“Die!” Hendrix screamed as his flying blade crossed the void. It was about to hit Alex when Alex slightly raised his finger and caught the flying knife.
“How is this possible?” Hendrix asked, his jaw dropping. He was stunned, and those watching couldn’t understand what they had just seen. Wasn’t Alex trapped in the solidification of time and space? How could he break free? This didn’t make sense.
Alex laughed. “Did you think you could try to trap me so easily? You’re really not as good as you think you are, Hendrix.”
He casually broke the flying dagger in half, and then he took a step, disappeared, and suddenly reappeared in the sky above Hendrix. Then stepped down from the sky.
“Stop!”
An earth-shaking shout came from the other side of the mountain, but Alex didn’t pay any attention to it. He stomped his foot down, crushing Hendrix to death. 
In the moments before Hendrix died, his eyes were still filled with confusion and shock. He had thought he was invincible, so how could this have happened?
“He killed Hendrix?” Agatha asked. She stood up and looked at Alex in shock.
Annalise, Fern, and the others were also stunned and couldn’t believe what they had witnessed. Hendrix, the future heir of the High sect, had been crushed to death by Alex. Moreover, it had happened in front of many high-level warriors. What sort of wild arrogance was this?
Even my father probably wouldn’t dare to be as wild as Alex, 
Fern thought, smiling bitterly.
At that moment, a pillar of clouds arrived, and then they dispersed to reveal the furious face of Jaden. He stared at Alex and spoke through gritted teeth.
“How dare you kill the heir of the High sect?” he said. “You deserve to die in agony ten thousand times over for your crime.” His fury was so intense it took on a physical form. It had already reached the edge of the Dark River, but it couldn’t be washed away. What had happened to Hendrix was too much for him to bear.
He could already imagine just what sort of thunderous rage the sect master and the elders would display when he returned and told them what had happened. But he didn’t want to think about these things any longer. Right now, he only wanted to slice Alex into a thousand pieces to vent the anger in his heart.
“So what if I killed him?” Alex asked, shrugging. “Why are you talking such nonsense? Do you want to die as well?”
“How dare you!” Jaden was beyond infuriated. “Let’s see if I can turn your bones into ashes and destroy your soul!” The surging clouds around him shook the sky.
As Jaden drew himself up to begin, a purple flame charged toward them and then dissipated to reveal the figure of the Purple sect’s leader. “You’ll have to fight me as well, Alex,” she said.
“There’s us too.” A voice like thunder sounded out, echoed by others. “Alex, you killed our sects’ warriors. Do you really think we’ll just stand idly by and allow you to get away with this?”
Before a minute had passed, six sect leaders had descended from the sky. The pressure of their combined presence made it hard to breathe, and even the spectators felt their hearts palpitate.
These leaders were all from the innate real, and even ordinary Earth immortals couldn't suppress them.
The High sect, Mountain sect, Crimson sect, Great World Sect, Thunder Sect, and Purple sect had each sent their leader, so now a total of six Earth immortals stood in front of Alex. Every one of them glared at him.
Fern and the others felt suffocated.
Only the Snow Palace sect hadn’t sent anyone. A representative was here from each of the other six major sects. Alex had ignited their combined fury by killing their warriors, and it seemed they were looking for vengeance.
“Alex, you have killed too many people,” Annalise warned him. “If you are willing to join the Snow Palace sect, then you will merely be imprisoned for three hundred years. I can help you. Beg for a favor, and I will make sure your life is spared.” She sighed, fearing her words would have no effect.
Alex ignored her and spoke instead to the sect leaders in front of him. “You are just six insignificant bugs. What do I care about you and your threats? How dare you speak to me this way!”
“You will die for this arrogance!” Jaden bellowed. And then, he attacked.