Everyone was stunned by the power emanating from Alex. Although Earth immortals were known to have the power to move mountains and flatten seas, tremendous effort was required to do it.
And yet Alex had just easily split a mountain from miles away, so he clearly possessed a level of power they had never seen before.
A ripple went through the crowd as they wondered, 
Is he still human?
The immense mountain had been slashed straight down the middle as if by an almighty sword. Annalise and Agatha were speechless, as they hadn’t realized that he was so formidable.
Fern’s mouth opened and closed, but she also found herself unable to speak.
Only Verity jumped up and down, shouting with joy.
Jaden’s expression was filled with uncertainty as he looked at Alex and asked, “Who exactly are you? Even Hendrix wouldn’t have displayed so much power in the same situation.”
There were only a few Earth immortals in the divine realm, so he found it hard to believe that one as young and powerful as Alex could be unknown to him.
Alex clasped his hands behind his back again and answered, “I am The Great One.”
No one wanted to underestimate him again, so they made sure to remember his name.
“I don’t care what you call yourself,” Casper said, scowling at him. “You must pay for what you’ve done to my sect.” He was horrified by how powerful Alex was becoming, and he couldn’t allow that to go unchecked. If they didn’t do something now, then Alex might kill them all.
His purple lightning hammer swelled until it was the size of a small mountain peak, and then he hurled it toward Alex.
Alex ignored him and extended his finger, using it to block the hammer coming toward him. The hammer was an ancient artifact, and in the hands of Casper, it contained an enormous amount of power. But when faced with Alex’s finger, it seemed like a mere toy. 
Casper’s face turned purple with rage. He tried his best to move Alex’s finger, but he couldn’t budge it.
Having witnessed Alex’s shenanigans, the Purple and Snow Palace sects now saw him as a thorn in their side. They decided they had also had enough of him behaving so atrociously, 
so they joined the fight. Jaden’s expression grew serious, and he said to the others, “Let’s work together.”
They could all see that Casper was struggling, so they banded together in an attack that filled the air, certain that their combined might would outstrip the power of one.
Fern and Annalise watched nervously, wondering if Alex was up to the challenge. 
Again, Alex showed no real emotion. He merely raised his left hand and clenched his fist. He punched through the air in front of him, and a dazzling beam of light shone out. It converged into an indestructible pillar of light that broke the spells heading toward him from the other warriors.
The power surge was palpable, and the force it created knocked over the warriors, almost as if they had been struck by lightning. The light from his fist then concentrated its force on the fire bird, which tried to dodge and launch a counterattack, but it wasn’t quick enough. It took the full force of the power and died instantly.
The sheer force of Alex’s strike was astounding. If they hadn’t seen it with their own eyes, then no one would have believed that he could beat so many of the warriors and the bird with a single punch.
Alex jumped into the sky, and with his fist held out in front, he turned into a dragon that went soaring through the air before turning and flying toward the crowd.
The remaining warriors were on edge, but they continued to resist and threw their strongest spells and artifacts at him.
But Alex’s fist of light was too strong, and Alex moved so fast that it was impossible to catch him.
In the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of Casper.
Casper didn’t have time to put his hammer back into action. Instead, he clapped his hands together and pulled out two very long purple lightning beams that slashed through the air like blades, heading right at Alex. These blades represented the highest level of magic from the Great World sect.
Alex simply threw another punch, and the purple lightning blades exploded instantly. The force from his fist was unstoppable, and it broke through all Casper’s defenses and destroyed him.
The remaining attackers were terrified.
“Run!” Jaden yelled.
The fact that Alex was blocking their attacks so easily meant that his strength had already far surpassed their combined power, so he must have reached an unbelievable level.
Alex raised his hand and said, “Now for the rest.”
A golden light wheel appeared behind him, looking like a small sun floating in the air. The circle of light appeared pure and indestructible.
He sent it spinning across the sky, and within a second, it had covered a mile. It seemed like nothing could stop it, certainly not the four sect leaders that were in its path. They were crushed by the wheel, along with their artifacts.
Jaden threw every technique he had at Alex, but he was similarly dispatched.
In the end, only Valentina of the Snow Palace sect was left. Alex let her go and she stood there, dumbfounded. She couldn’t believe what had just happened.