Alex’s flawless, indestructible body shone like a diamond, and lightning danced in his eyes.
He stretched out his hand, and a chaotic ball of lightning appeared in his palm. Before, this would have been a very difficult and tiring thing to do, but now he could do it with a mere thought. It felt like all the lightning in the world was at his command.
He rose to his feet.
It’s time to teach these people from the divine realm what respect is, 
he thought.
**
Verity and the others had been growing more and more anxious as time had gone by. Alex had been in seclusion for a month. Kaden hadn’t given him a time limit to meet him, but it wouldn’t be good if this dragged on for too long. Nobody wanted to see what would happen if such a powerful warrior grew angry.
Finally, Alex returned, and everyone was greatly relieved.
Verity caught him up on what had been happening, including the fact that Kaden wanted to meet with him. “His messenger has been waiting for you,” she said. “Let me show him in.”
An Earth immortal approached Alex, bowed respectfully, and then recited the message.
“Exalted immortal,” he said. “Kaden, the head of the Crimson sect, would like to meet with you at the peak of Twisted Mountain, at your choice of day and time.”
Alex agreed without hesitation. If he defeated Kaden, then it would shock the entire realm and place him firmly at the top.
He chose a date two weeks away, and then he asked the messenger to convey that to his master. The news quickly spread, and the divine realm was boiling over with excitement. They couldn’t believe Alex hadn’t backed down.
Many people wanted to be there to watch.
“We should go!” one man said to anyone within earshot. “Kaden hasn’t made a move in nearly a hundred years. We’re very lucky that it’s happening in our lifetimes. And this Great One is brand new on the scene. We have to see this battle.”
Although this was being called a meeting, everyone knew it would be a battle. There was no way either one of them would yield to the other.
Countless warriors from various sects and families rushed toward Twisted Mountain from all directions.
Five days later, Alex gathered everyone together, boarded a ship, and officially set off for Twisted Mountain.
It was going to be a battle like no other.
**
Twisted Mountain was the tallest mountain in the divine realm. It was wrapped in clouds from the point where it thrust out of the surrounding hills. It was said that from its top, you could touch the sky.
Verity recounted the story of the mountain to everyone. “Legend has it that during ancient times, the divine Lord Twisted created this realm and used his sword to carve out the Dark River. When he was finished, he thrust his divine sword into the ground at the head of the river, and it turned into Twisted Mountain.”
Fern snorted. “That’s just a myth. There’s no way this vast realm could have been created by a human. And look at how wide the Dark River is! Can you imagine how enormous that sword would have to be to dig it out? How big was that divine lord? He must have been miles tall.”
She laughed. She had always liked to listen to stories. When she had been a young girl, there had been an elderly man who had told her many of them. As for whether any of the tales were true, no one knew. History had long forgotten such matters.
Alex stood on the prow of the ship with his hands behind his back, gazing into the distance. 
Fern might have thought that the story was a joke, but Alex knew the truth. There had indeed been a hundred-thousand-foot-tall creature that had built a world with its bare hands and had used a sword to cut out a river.
That divine Lord Twisted might have been a nascent-level being or another mighty figure,
 Alex thought. 
He might even still be alive. But he probably left Earth, or even the entire solar system, long ago.
**
Countless families had gathered around the mountain.
On the river, sails fluttered in the wind. There were ships in a rainbow of colors and an endless array of shapes and sizes. The largest one, nearly filling the river, was a magnificent vessel patterned after a golden dragon.
Trumpets rang out, and a small ship cut through the water and slid past the others, heading straight for the base of Twisted Mountain.
The Great One had arrived.
**
The crowd watched the little ship, which was pure black and only about fifty feet long.
A young woman watched it, clearly not impressed.
“That’s the Great One?” she asked, frowning. “He doesn’t look special at all. The other immortals all put on a big show when they arrived. If I didn’t know better, I’d think he was a nobody.”
“Young one, be careful what you say,” said the older man standing beside her, his expression solemn. “That unassuming man is one of the most powerful figures in the realm. He could destroy everything here with just a flick of his finger.”
“Yes, sir,” she said. “I’m sorry,” 
The leader of a minor sect sighed and said, “If he can survive this battle, then it won’t be long before the entire divine realm trembles beneath his feet.”
The people around him nodded in agreement.
**
There was still a little time before the meeting, and Kaden hadn’t arrived yet, so Alex didn’t go up the mountain. Instead, he found a large rock by the river and sat down on it, cross-legged.
Everyone waited.
A loud swishing sound and flashing rays of light announced the arrival of the Earth immortals. Before ascending to the immortal realm, they had each been a master of a sect, or a revered elder.
They soared down from the heavens on their spirit beasts or their flying ships.
They didn’t land on Twisted Mountain. Instead, they stopped at its foot to show their respect for the two who were about to meet.
Fern jumped up and pointed. “My father is here!”
A hundred-yard-long ship was gliding through the air. The ship was crafted of mahogany, and it glittered with gold and jewels. At the prow sat Leo Bancroft, who was a large man in a golden robe. He was the king of a nearby region and Fern’s father.
When Leo saw Fern, a doting expression appeared on his face, and he was very effusive toward Alex. He greeted him as if he were his son-in-law, and warmly invited him to stay on his ship.
Alex politely declined the invitation.
A sound like the rumble of thunder came from the horizon, and then seven brilliant rays of light shot across the sky toward Twisted Mountain.
A feeling of overwhelming majesty filled the air, and everyone went quiet with anticipation.
The seven great sects had arrived, and the battle would soon start.