There was a tearing sound as the condensed energy in front of Alex split in two. Then a peal of thunder rang out.
A white line sprang out of Alex’s finger and touched the core of Kaden’s domain. The beam cut right through the center, and without its stabilizing core, the domain popped like a soap bubble. All the congealed spiritual energy returned to its normal state.
Kaden was finally getting angry. “Great One, it seems like I underestimated you,” he said, glaring at Alex. “But that just means you get to see my true strength.”
He waved his arm, and a small green sword slid out of his sleeve.
The sword flew into the air, emitting a beam of green light, which grew until it stretched from the end of the metal blade to the far side of the mountaintop, almost a thousand feet away.
“This sword is called Sky Dancer,” Kaden said proudly. “It has been with me in battle for over four hundred years and has killed one hundred and seventy-three of my enemies. You will be the one hundred and seventy-fourth.”
With his blade at the ready, his anger faded. Calm and focused, he looked down at Alex as if he were a bug that needed to be squashed.
“Begin!” Kaden said.
Alex wasn’t afraid. He stepped forward and thrust out his fist. The air boiled, and power surged as energy poured into him from miles around until he shone with a dazzling golden light.
Kaden waved his arm, and the green light slashed down from the sky, aiming straight at Alex.
The battle that would shake the divine realm had finally come.
Alex took a step forward. The golden light gathered on his fist as he threw a punch, smashing against Kaden’s blade of green light.
The sound of a great bell reverberated through the realm.
With a noise like a string of firecrackers, Alex’s golden light began to move up and eat away at the beam of light. It advanced until it had consumed the entire shaft of light, and it even engulfed the small metal sword. Sky Dancer didn’t seem happy and let out a buzzing sound.
Kaden was now slightly weaker, but he wasn’t concerned. He waved his hand, and the flying green sword drew a perfect arc in the air. It struck the tip of Alex’s fist three times, driving off the last of the golden energy there.
Alex stepped on empty air and flew up into the sky.
A resplendent golden radiance enveloped him. Kaden struck thirteen times in a row with his flying sword, but none of the blows penetrated Alex’s golden light.
Each time the sword got 
close,
 Alex threw a punch. Thirteen attacks, thirteen punches, each one stronger than the last. The flying sword began to buzz and shake, as if it couldn’t withstand much more.
Kelsey and the surrounding masters knew the history of that blade and were astonished. They turned to Barney for an explanation.
But Barney was just staring at Alex.
**
The battle in the sky continued. Kaden and Alex were both peerless warriors, and they each had many tricks up their sleeves. At one word from Kaden, Sky Dancer turned into nine beams of energy that fell from the sky like a shower of meteors.
It was one of the secret sword techniques of the 
Crimson
 sect. Each of the nine streaks of energy was almost as strong as the sword had been.
Alex simply floated in midair and waited.
Each beam of sword energy that struck him made a sound like it had hit a steel plate. 
“Somehow, I had expected more from you,” Alex said, sounding disappointed.
Kaden made a sign with his hand, and Sky Dancer transformed into a shimmering green wave about ten feet long. The sword’s light wasn’t as powerful as it had been, but it was now extremely focused and even more dangerous. In its current state, it could slice the top off a mountain.
“Go,” said Kaden, and waved his hand.
There was a great boom as Sky Dancer sped toward Alex at several times the speed of sound. When the Earth immortals heard this, they felt a chill, realizing that Kaden was finally showing his full strength.
Alex’s eyes flamed red, and his body burned with energy as the layers of light around him turned into golden flames.
Facing Kaden’s sword that could cut through anything, Alex put his hands together and caught Sky Dancer between his palms.
Kaden yelled and thrust out his palm. Energy came streaming from the void and the green wave extended to twenty feet long, looking like a ferocious dragon trying to break free from its shackles. Countless tiny lights covered Alex’s hands and spread rapidly over his body, where they clashed with the golden flames with a crackling sound.
Alex felt as if a volcano was about to erupt as an immense pressure tried to force his hands apart.
He laughed loudly and stomped his foot, causing a peal of thunder.
The golden flames turned into dragons that surged out from his body and poured into his hands. All the light on his body was now concentrated in his hands, which glowed like the sun. 
Layers of golden flame engulfed and extinguished the green wave.
As the light faded away, it revealed a three-foot-long sword, its blade between Alex’s hands. It was a soft metallic green, as if it had been forged from bronze. There were engravings covering it, including two on the hilt, which read, in an ancient language, 
Sky Dancer
.
There was an incredulous silence among the watchers.