The faces of the seven great sect leaders were solemn as they realized they had underestimated Alex. Only now did they realize that they were no match for his strength.
“You’ve got an excellent sword,” said Alex as he suppressed his golden flames. “It’s a shame that your technique isn’t great.”
He ran his hand along Sky Dancer, which was still buzzing and vibrating. Gradually, the sizzling sounds faded, and the sword lay still.
Kaden realized that the man in front of him was his biggest opponent yet.
Alex had broken through the divine realm, and he had also suppressed Sky Dancer using only his hand. He had truly displayed his invincibility.
Even so, Kaden had paid particular attention to sword techniques. Not only had he refined the power of Sky Dancer, but he had also harnessed a sword-style energy. So, even though he had now lost the sword, he didn’t panic. Instead, he pointed his right index finger up at the sky.
Energy surged from within him and extended for miles.
The burst of power spread for hundreds of feet and cast a shadow over the whole of Twisted Mountain. Then it released a huge tornado. Moments later, another tornado emerged from that one. One after another, tornadoes arose and surrounded Alex.
Everyone watched in awe.
“This is just what I had expected from the greatest person in the divine realm,” said Barney, his jaw dropping open. “This sword technique alone would be enough to transcend the divine realm.”
But Alex was unfazed. He simply stepped into the sky and charged into the tornadoes. 
He summoned his power and
threw punches at the countless
tornadoes as they came crashing down around him. Kaden’s power was strong enough to cut through metal and iron. But when it struck Alex, he didn’t flinch. To him, it felt like the prick of a pin, and it couldn’t penetrate the golden light surrounding him.
Kaden waved his hand again, and released another nine huge tornadoes. Each was thousands of feet high, and they sliced through everything in their path.
They spun at high speed and surrounded Alex from all directions. Then they closed in on him, the pressure squeezing him.
A piercing sound of metal clashing could be heard for miles away.
Although the uppermost part of Twisted Mountain consisted of a special rock and could withstand a battle between immortals, it had received numerous blows that had penetrated several inches deep. If it had been an ordinary mountain, then it would have already been flattened by Kaden’s power.
But it wasn’t able to harm Alex. 
Even when the nine tornadoes had almost completely covered him, and his golden light could barely be seen and seemed like it would be extinguished at any moment, Alex stood still, giving off an aura of invincibility.
Kaden scowled and waved his hand once again, and the nine mighty tornadoes were suddenly turned into thin chains that looked like ropes. Since they had emerged from his power, they were strong enough to turn an entire mountain into dust.
The chains wrapped around Alex, and for a moment, even his golden light seemed to be fading. 
Those at the foot of the mountain who weren’t very strong were forced back by the spell, and they couldn’t see what was happening. But when they realized that Alex was trapped within the chains, they were pleased.
“I think we’re going to win,” someone said.
Only Barney and a few others had serious expressions on their faces and seemed doubtful.
Then suddenly, a voice came from within the chains.
“Off!” Alex commanded.
His genuine essence exploded from his body and shot in every direction, as if a nuclear bomb had gone off. It consumed the nine long chains inch by inch until they were gone. A small mushroom cloud arose above the peak of the mountain.
This was the first time since he had stepped into the divine realm that he had used all his strength, and it was powerful enough to make heaven and earth shake.
Kaden trembled, and he was forced to move back.
Amid the smoke, Alex stepped back down onto the mountaintop with his hands behind his back. His eyes shone brightly as he looked at Kaden.
“Is this the best you can do?” he asked, his voice sounding like thunder.
Everyone watched in anticipation. 
The warriors from the immortal realm looked at Alex, who was enveloped in light, and they were awestruck.
Since those at the foot of the mountain couldn’t see the battle taking place at the top, some of the immortal realm warriors used techniques to transmit the images to a large screen, allowing everyone to see the battle.
“How can he be so powerful?” cried one of them in shock.
Before this battle, no one had thought very highly of Alex, and those from the divine realm were sure that he would be defeated. They just wanted to know whether he would be able to survive. But once the battle had begun, everyone soon realized that Kaden was at a disadvantage.
Kaden’s sword technique was extraordinary, and he had been invincible. But now, no matter what technique he used on Alex, it was ineffective. Everyone wondered how a young man could be so challenging for him.
“I didn’t realize he was so strong,” muttered Agatha, her expression a little bitter. Alex had exceeded her expectations time and time again. Every time she thought that she had uncovered all his secrets, he would always surprise her with something else. 
“I know!” Verity exclaimed, beaming with excitement. “He’s so powerful!”
The faces of the seven great sect leaders, on the other hand, were ashen as they nervously looked at the screen.
The battle continued.
Now that Alex had displayed his true strength, he didn’t want to hold back. He threw a punch in the air, and a beam of light shot up and struck Kaden.
But Kaden wasn’t flustered at all. He believed he was the most powerful person in the divine realm, and he was confident that he could defeat Alex.
He chanted another spell, and his entire body turned into a transparent sword. Waves of energy emanated from it as it shot up into the air.
This was the supreme sword technique of the 
Crimson
 sect, and it was believed to be unconquerable.
But Alex was unperturbed. He was determined not to let a technique like that hinder him, so he threw another punch in the air.
Everything surrounding Alex started to tremble. Moments later, Kaden fell from the sky, and the transparent sword, which was said to be indestructible, shattered. 
Kaden, however, didn’t panic.
He waved both his hands and chanted a spell. All his energy gathered in his two index fingers, making each of them as powerful as Sky Dancer. Then two bright swords emerged from his fingers and exploded in the air with a sizzling sound, sweeping toward Alex like two dragons.
Kaden smiled. This was a secret technique of the 
Crimson
 sect, and it was far superior to any other such spell.
But his smile soon disappeared when he saw the speed of the swords decreasing.
He couldn’t understand it. When the swords had shot out from his fingers, they had been as fast as lightning, but now, their speed was becoming slower and slower. It was as if something was blocking them. Eventually, the swords stopped right in front of Alex.
Alex snickered.
He chanted a spell and his hand expanded. Then he clenched it into a fist and a light appeared from it. 
After passing through the two green swords unscathed,
he walked up to Kaden and tapped him on the chest, sending Kaden flying backward.