A huge flood of energy came pouring in from all directions. When it reached Kaden, it turned into a huge hand, which covered the sky and the entire mountain.
Alex was scooped into the huge hand, and he felt the surrounding energy condense into a steel plate that was incomparably hard. Compared to the spells that Kaden had used before, this one was many times stronger. It even resembled the techniques used in the golden core realm.
“Do you think you can defeat me just with this technique?” he asked, sneering at Kaden.
Then he used his genuine essence to produce a solid golden light, which surrounded him, creating a wall so strong that even a nuclear bomb wouldn’t be able to penetrate it. 
Alex raised his hand, and the golden rays turned into raging flames, which started to burn everything it came into contact with layer by layer. Each flame raged for hundreds of feet before burning out. 
Then the flames burnt a hole in the huge hand, which began to resemble a melting candle.
Although Kaden’s hand technique could scare other immortals, it couldn’t do anything to Alex, whose strength was pure and refined. Like steel that had been tempered a hundred times, it couldn’t easily be broken.
Kaden didn’t panic. He simply gathered his energy to form a sword, and then numerous tornadoes emerged from it.
Everyone at the foot of the mountain looked up and thought that a tremendous storm was coming. The sect masters were shocked.
“Each
tornado is equivalent to a full-powered attack from an immortal,” said the leader of the Purple sect. “Right now, there are a total of ninety-nine tornadoes, which is equivalent to ninety-nine immortals attacking at the same time. Can anyone in the divine realm withstand that?”
Although the sect masters were strong, they would be easily defeated when faced with seven or eight immortals at the same time. What would they do if they were to face ninety-nine immortals at the same time? The combined force would be powerful enough to flatten the entire divine realm. Even if the seven great sects were to join forces, they still wouldn’t be able to contend with them.
Everyone was filled with reverence. Not only were they all looking at Kaden, but they were also looking at Alex.
To them, Kaden was powerful, but Alex, who had forced him to use his ultimate power, was also extremely talented.
“How powerful they must be!” someone remarked.
“Whoever wins this battle shall be the greatest person in the divine realm,” said the leader of the Thunder sect. “No other immortals will ever be able to overcome him.”
Everyone nodded silently.
Soon, ninety-nine
tornadoes soared into the sky, and everyone raised their heads to look at Alex, wondering how he was going to deal with Kaden’s magnificent technique.
This time, Alex didn’t use his strength. Instead, he turned into a ball of divine light, and then a huge golden divine beast emerged. Alex had now taken on his true form as a divine beast, which opened its mouth and got ready to eat.
Then it looked around in wonder. Its mouth turned into a vortex, sucking the tornadoes inside, like a river breaking through a dam. Rocks and trees were sucked in, too, and they were shredded to pieces as soon as they entered.
Soon, the beast had devoured all ninety-nine tornadoes, and the sky once again returned to its calm state.
The beast then cast a sidelong glance at Kaden and said, “I’m not full yet.”
Everyone at the foot of the mountain was petrified. Even the seven great sect leaders seemed to be afraid.
They had thought of hundreds of ways that Alex might have overcome Kaden. Never had they thought that Alex would just swallow up the tornadoes in one gulp without any hesitation. It was as if Kaden’s technique was just a joke to him.
“How did he become a monster?” someone asked worriedly.
“That’s not a monster, it’s a divine beast,” said Barney. “It’s said that the beast’s belly is an endless void, and it can swallow anything. By the looks of things, it’s true. Alex must have mastered this technique.”
Everyone was in shock.
“Looks like Kaden is in trouble,” said the leader of the Thunder sect.
Kaden was indeed in trouble right now. No matter what technique he used, or how much power he drew, the beast swallowed it all up in one gulp.
After a whole day of success, the beast’s power had increased. It had become three times bigger than before, and its eating capacity had increased.
Kaden was forced to resort to other techniques. He turned his energy into a giant hand, uprooted a mountain, and threw it at the beast. The mountain was hundreds of feet tall and extremely heavy. Only Kaden, who had special energy pills with him, could lift a mountain so easily.
“Ah, the mountain technique,” said a member of the Great World sect. “It’s an old technique of the immortals.”
Everyone started to tremble.
In the face of this destructive power, no matter how many people worked together, they would be unable to stop the spell. Even if there were a hundred immortals, they wouldn’t be able to withstand a single blow from a mountain. Clearly, both Kaden and Alex had transcended the divine realm, and each had the power to defeat the entire world.
After leaping into the sky, the beast dove toward Kaden.
The path in front of him was cleared, and a long river appeared at the bottom. Its speed had increased, and it was now traveling at the speed of light.
As Kaden watched the beast come down at such speed, his heart started racing.
He quickly manipulated his energy and formed an iron plate to shield him from the beast. But the
divine beast could roam freely in any space, so how would anyone be able to block him? 
He clenched both his hands together, and a sword shot out. Then the two heavenly swords shot out from his eyes once again. But Alex had already used his beast technique, and its power was so formidable that it could defeat anyone below the golden core level. Two horns emerged from the beast as if they were blades, and the light coming out of them was dazzling.
Soon, the sound of swords clashing rang out.
Kaden was exasperated, and he couldn’t believe what was happening.
He had used his ultimate power, and yet he still couldn’t defeat Alex. He couldn’t understand it.
In a final, desperate bid, he extracted all his energy and condensed it into his palm. After much effort, an immortal sword appeared in his hand.
The blazing sword
swept across the sky and even penetrated the void, leaving behind fine cracks. Waves of energy powerful enough to destroy heaven and earth started to gather inside Kaden.
This was a golden core technique.
If they had been on Earth, it would have been able to destroy an entire city.
But Alex wasn’t afraid in the least. He chanted a spell, and a rainbow shot through the sky and headed toward Kaden.