As the rainbow came crashing down on Kaden, a huge mushroom cloud appeared above Twisted Mountain.
Everyone stood in silent disbelief.
After a long time, the leader of the Thunder sect asked, “So, who won?”
No one knew, and they were growing nervous. As they watched, the mushroom cloud gradually dissipated, revealing the aftermath of the battle on the mountaintop.
Alex stood on the summit of the mountain, his long hair fluttering in the wind. Even the mountain didn’t seem as majestic as him. Not far away, Kaden was lying in a large pit, his face covered in bruises.
Everyone was dumbstruck when they saw this scene.
Kaden had been defeated.
Kaden. The man who had called himself a divine warrior for hundreds of years. The man who had looked down upon the world just a short while ago had ultimately been defeated. The members of the sects felt as if they had lost a leader. They all turned to look at Alex. In their view, one master had fallen, but another had arisen.
Meanwhile, Agatha was in shock as she looked at Alex on top of the mountain. He had gone from being an ordinary man to being at the very top of the divine realm. And this transformation had only taken him three months. How could she not be shocked?
Verity jumped up and down in excitement. “Alex won. Alex won!” she cried with joy. 
Fern stood beside her with a strange expression on her face. She had just been following the battle for fun, and she hadn’t expected Alex to win. Now, she was afraid that her father would be even more serious about trying to marry her off to Alex.
Leo laughed heartily. “He’s definitely worthy of being my son-in-law,” he said, grinning.
Kelsey was devastated, and she rushed up to the peak of the mountain to help Kaden up.
“Are you all right?” she asked worriedly.
Kaden coughed as he tried to get up. Although he hadn’t died in the battle, he was in a bad state. His energy was rapidly declining, especially after losing the power of his core. It had been a heavy blow to him because it meant that his hard work over the last hundred years had been completely wasted, and he had no hope of ever reaching the golden core level.
Kaden looked at Alex and frowned.
Suddenly, the sound of war drums could be heard as the powerful sect leaders approached Alex. Their imposing presence soared into the air, and light emanated from them. Their eyes were cold as they looked at Alex. To the seven great sects, Alex’s power was something they couldn’t bear. Now that he had just fought a battle and would need to recover his strength, they wanted to take the opportunity to get rid of him.
Alex stared back at them, not afraid in the slightest. “What, do you want to fight me as well?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
With his current invincible status, he would easily be able to take them down. At the most, he would have to exert a little effort.
The atmosphere became tense. Some of the immortals from the higher sects started to gather behind the leaders, and they all stood opposite Alex.
Many people at the foot of the mountain could sense that something was wrong, and they started to speculate.
Alex stood alone on the peak of the mountain, clearly not worried.
“Stop!” cried Kaden. Although his voice was low, everyone heard him clearly. “I have lost this battle. Alex’s power will remain with him for a thousand years. No one can match him. I declare him to be the greatest person in the divine realm. From now on, the seven great sects should acknowledge him and not act as I did.”
He then nodded at Alex.
It had been difficult for him to make that admission because it meant that he was no longer the greatest person in the divine realm. 
Kelsey started trembling.
Everyone else had mixed feelings. They had heard wonderful things about Kaden’s power and might all their lives,
but now he had finally been defeated, so it was like a fairy tale being destroyed.
Barney nodded at Alex. “Congratulations on becoming the greatest person in the divine realm,” he said. 
Soon, the others followed suit and smiled and nodded at Alex.
The leaders of the seven great sects congratulated him, too. None of the immortals dared to stop them.
They all began to discuss Alex among themselves. 
“Alex will transcend all the realms,” said one man.
“He should be congratulated for winning the battle and becoming invincible,” said another. “I hope his power lasts forever, and he lives for thousands of years.”
Alex stood at the peak of the mountain, looking down at everyone below him. They seemed like ants to him, but they were all looking at him in awe. Countless people lowered their heads, even some of the immortals.
Agatha, Fern, and the others all watched Alex on the screen, their expressions complicated.
An elder from the Thunder sect smiled bitterly and said, “Who would have thought that such a young man would
transcend the divine realm?”
After having only been in the divine realm for half a year, Alex had already managed to transcend it.
After the battle, Alex left with Agatha and Verity.
Leo chased Alex for a few days, and then he finally caught up with him.
Alex found it humorous that an immortal was fawning over him, and he had to work hard to hold back his laughter. Leo was a powerful man, so Alex thought that he deserved to be shown some respect.
Although Kaden had lost the battle, the seven great sects had deep roots. Between them, they had many powerful warriors, and they also owned thousands of combat weapons.
“These combat weapons were all produced by experts,” explained Leo. “They have been refined with all kinds of medicine and spells ever since they were formed. It doesn’t seem like they can do much on their own, but when you use hundreds of them together, their power converges into one, and then they’re really powerful.”
He still couldn’t believe it was possible for powerful immortals to be defeated by mere mortals.
But Alex wasn’t surprised. Many a time, weaker warriors seemed powerless and insignificant in battles. But when thousands of them joined forces and came together, they were able to achieve great things.
“The seven great sects all have treasures left behind by the masters,” continued Leo. “They are extremely powerful, and they can crush all immortals. Kaden hadn’t brought his treasure when you fought him, otherwise, you might not have been able to win so easily.”
Alex frowned, but he thanked Leo for coming to see him and providing him with all this information. 
Since Alex was now the greatest person in the divine realm, countless people had come to seek him out and befriend him, but not a single immortal had come to see him. Immortals were high and mighty, so it would be difficult for them to bow down to the seven great sects, much less to Alex.
After securing Alex’s friendship, Leo was satisfied. But before he left, he said, “Be careful of the High sect. They are still the number one sect in the divine realm.”
Not long after Leo’s visit, Alex found a small city and settled down. Soon, he prepared for his journey to the next realm, and he decided to take Agatha, Verity, and Valentina with him.
“Is there a woman called Maya amongst the Snow Palace sect?” he asked Valentina.
Valentina looked at him in surprise. “How do you know about people in the Snow Palace sect?” she asked.
Maya had come from Earth, but ever since she had been taken to the Snow Palace sect by an elder, she had been training there. The other great sects weren’t even aware that Maya was among the Snow Palace sect.
When Alex realized that Valentina knew something, he grabbed her by the shoulders and asked her again. This made Valentina very uncomfortable.
She wasn’t ignorant of what was happening in the outside world. According to her premonition, Alex should have been at the top of Twisted Mountain right now, fighting Kaden. But here he was, standing in front of her. 
She realized that whether he had won the battle or lost it, he would still have survived.