The path to immortality was extremely difficult. In terms of true power, Crystal was still far below the level that Alex had reached. Most of her terrifying aura was released by the spirit treasure she carried.
“You are too arrogant,” she said, her tone icy.
The seven great sects stood firm and remained undefeated because of their spirit treasures and spells. With the spirit treasure present, it was equivalent to having an immortal warrior overseeing everything.
Alex was too lazy to explain his power to Crystal. Instead, he simply threw a punch.
The brilliant golden beam once again turned into a ball of light behind his back, illuminating the world like a blazing sun. It was filled with an extremely powerful aura.
Crystal summoned all her energy in preparation.
It was as if a bright moon had risen from within her body, both beautiful and cold, emitting rays of light that penetrated through her. The moment the bright moon appeared, the surrounding temperature dropped drastically, and everyone felt extremely cold.
“What is it?” the disciples asked, raising their heads and looking at the bright moon.
“The Blue Moon Wheel is the ultimate treasure of our palace,” Maya muttered. “It is said that the founder of the Snow Palace refined it, and in the past thousands of years, it has been stained with the blood of countless Earth immortals.”
As expected, everyone widened their eyes and looked up at the bright moon. A half-moon weapon rotated at high speed, and on it, complicated patterns blossomed with brilliant moonlight. The moonlight looked beautiful, but it was deadly. The ice energy was about to show its true power.
“She has activated the Blue Moon Wheel,” Rose said. “The Great One is dead for sure.”
Crystal simply smiled.
A giant bell rang out as Alex’s fist repeatedly smashed into the Blue Moon Wheel.
His golden sun collided with the bright moon, and a terrifying force seemed to be brewing in the sky. Each strike of the Blue Moon Wheel was more powerful than anything Alex had encountered before, but he still used a single hand to defend himself.
His palm looked like it had been cast from gold and filled with an unbeatable charm. The Blue Moon Wheel collided with Alex’s fist again and again. It caused golden sparks to fly, but it didn’t do any real damage.
The spirit treasure of the Snow Palace was well known in the divine realm. It had been used to defeat many challengers over thousands of years, but it had never been up against someone as fierce and brutal as Alex.
Eventually, Alex’s fury reached a peak, and the flame in his eyes turned into a pillar of light once more. His entire body was enveloped by golden flames as he fiercely crashed into the Blue Moon Wheel.
The Blue Moon Wheel could no longer withstand it, and with a bang, it was sent flying. It crashed into a building several miles away and was destroyed.
No one spoke. Everyone held their breath to see what would happen next.
Alex had challenged the spirit treasure with his bare hands, and he had won. Who wouldn’t fear such a mighty figure?
Even Crystal had a solemn expression on her face, and she looked shocked at what had happened.
“Do you still want to fight?” Alex shouted. He was still furious, and his voice was like rolling thunder in the air.
Crystal summoned back the Blue Moon Wheel. She struggled for a moment before she finally sighed, lowered her head, and said, “You are too powerful. I admit that I am inferior to you, but I would ask you to consider the fact that these disciples are young and ignorant.”
Before she could finish speaking, a golden flying sword shot out with substantial force.
Maya had already given Alex the names of all the people who had tormented her. With a sweep of his power-enhanced senses, there was nowhere for them to hide, and the flying sword sought them out and dispatched them all.
Alex killed a total of thirty-five inner circle disciples, nine core disciples, and two Earth immortals in the blink of an eye. 
Crystal could only watch helplessly while the other disciples kept quiet out of fear.
“One man against an entire sect,” Crystal said. “I have not seen such an invincible warrior for many years.”
The other Earth immortals were all silent, and their hearts were filled with sadness.
Agatha sighed. “That is true invincibility,” she said. “He is the number one warrior in the realm.”
She looked at the dazzling gold flame and knew that the divine realm would no longer be controlled by the seven great sects. Even the higher sects would have to kneel before Alex now.
It’s a pity I’m not the woman in his arms, 
she thought bitterly.
The news of Alex defeating Kaden and then suppressing the Snow Palace quickly spread throughout the divine realm.
The whole place was in turmoil. Even the other great sects were shocked by the news. If the Snow Palace had fallen to Alex, then he truly had the strength to defeat them all.
The divine realm had officially entered the era of the Great One.
When Kaden heard about what had happened, he sighed and announced that he wouldn’t fight with Alex anymore.
The seven great sects were helpless, and the lesser ones were even more so.
The whole world now knew Alex’s name.
**
In the depths of the Giant White Forest, in front of an ancient and towering stone gate, several guards were leaning against the stone wall, chatting idly. This was the home of the gatekeepers. This stone gate was how the people of the divine realm were able to travel between the two worlds.
But now, above the gate, waves of light rippled, and storms stirred.
“This gate will probably need another two or three years before it stabilizes,” one of the old gatekeepers said. “Even if the master of the High sect used their ultimate treasure, he probably wouldn’t be able to force his way out. That’s why he tried to send the soul of a core disciple to ask for information. It’s impossible for a physical body to pass through right now.”
Another old gatekeeper yawned and said, “We should have received a reply by now.”
As he was speaking, a light flashed on the gate, and an ancient teleportation token flew out.
“Is there really news from Earth?” one gatekeeper asked. “Do they know who murdered the lord?”
Their spirits were temporarily lifted. The leader took the token and discovered a voice transmission inside. There were only a few words, but the moment they heard them, all the guards were stunned, feeling as if they had been struck by lightning.
The message was—The murderer was the Great One.
Had it been a month ago, the gatekeepers would have been confused, and the name would have meant nothing to them. But now they understood.