The name loomed large above the divine realm. Everyone had heard of the Great One. The man who had defeated an entire sect.
The gatekeepers were all shocked, and they didn’t dare to believe it.
“This must be a coincidence,” said the gatekeeper with the token. “Perhaps there is also a Great One on Earth.”
His colleagues didn’t say a word, so the gatekeeper tried to think it through logically.
There was a Great One on Earth. He had boundless combat strength, and he had defeated all challengers. There was a Great One in the divine realm, and he was invincible and had defeated Kaden with a single punch. However, the Great One in the divine realm seemed to have appeared from nowhere. There was no evidence of who he was or where he had come from.
“This makes sense,” the gatekeeper said, trembling. “He came from Earth, so even the higher sects couldn’t find out about his past. But while we thought he was on Earth, he was here in the divine realm.”
They were all afraid. They felt as if they knew a great secret, and once the secret was revealed, it would be enough to shake the entire divine realm.
“This is world-shaking news,” the gatekeeper said. “I must go to the High sect and meet the master.”
He solemnly put away the token and flew away as a ray of light.
The others looked at each other in dismay. They knew that a storm was about to sweep through the divine realm.
**
After Alex had rescued Maya, he stayed in Snow Palace. Although the immortals there were looking forward to him leaving as soon as possible, they hadn’t dared say anything.
Alex had defeated their spirit treasure with his bare hands, and that had truly frightened them.
“Is this all the ancient books of the Snow Palace?” Alex asked, looking at the hundreds of thousands of books in the library.
“All the books in the Snow Palace that do not involve cultivation techniques are here,” Crystal said. “This library records all the history and secrets of the thousands of years since the opening of the divine realm. Disciples often discover the location of powerful artifacts when they’re flipping through these books.”
She stood a hundred feet away from Alex. A half-moon-shaped light wheel was floating above her head, shining with cold moonlight, protecting her.
“Don’t worry,” Alex said, smiling at her. “Although your spiritual treasure is impressive, it’s not something that I take seriously. As for your old and broken cultivation techniques, they’re not even half as important as these books.”
Crystal was furious with Alex for dismissing her sect so casually, but she wasn’t brave enough to argue, so she simply ground her teeth silently.
She knew they couldn’t do anything to him, so she forced a smile, wishing he would leave.
Alex held out a hand, and a golden line appeared on his fingertip. Then a light beam shot out, and Alex turned and swept it across the bookshelves.
The golden beam was like a laser scanner. He swept it over the bookcase and absorbed the hundreds of books in an instant. It was a reading speed thousands of times faster than a mortal’s.
That was the advantage of immortals. The stronger their will, the more powerful they became. And their stronger senses enhanced their ability to read and process information. There were those that could experience billions of thoughts and deal with billions of things at the same time, like quantum computers. Although Alex hadn’t reached that level yet, reading a hundred books with a single thought wasn’t difficult at all.
The contents of each ancient book flowed through Alex’s mind. The history of the entire divine realm gradually unfolded in front of him—the origin of the seven great sects, the changes over thousands of years, and the rise and fall of countless warriors. Alex understood everything.
“But why can’t I find it?” he muttered, frowning.
He had scanned more than half the library, but he still couldn’t find what he wanted.
“I had three goals in the divine realm,” he said. “Now that I’ve completed two of them, I only have one left—to seek the Celestial Road and leave Earth!” The golden pillar of light became increasingly bright, and he began to scan even faster.
He had thought that as the master of a higher sect, Crystal would know about the Celestial Road, but she had just looked confused when he had asked. Her understanding of it was only slightly greater than his, and it had come from legends. Over the course of thousands of years, it seemed that the divine realm had gradually forgotten about the Celestial Road.
Even the sect master doesn’t know about it,
 Alex thought as he scanned. 
I guess there are only a few clues left in these ancient books. If the Snow Palace doesn’t have it, then I’ll visit all the higher sects one by one. They won’t dare to resist.
He paused and turned his head to look at the top shelf, spotting an ancient book with a cover made of bone and covered in dust. It was obvious that no one had opened it in countless years.
It was a travel book left behind by an elder of the Snow Palace, and it recorded some of his life’s events, as well as his experiences during his travels. The contents of the book instantly appeared in Alex’s mind. One sentence, in particular, jumped out at him.
Ancient immortals, climb the Celestial Road and leave behind the High sect that guards the Celestial Road gate—the door to the divine realm.
The words were mixed in with many confusing records. Most people had flipped through them, not caring at all. But to Alex, it was like a lighthouse calling him home.
“The High sect is in charge of guarding the gate to the Celestial Road!” Alex exclaimed, his eyes lighting up. “So, the gate should be in the High sect itself!”
Moments later, another passage made him even more certain.
To prevent the great enemies of the other side from passing through the Celestial Road, I have ordered the master to stay behind and build a Heavenly Palace. From there, he can guard the Celestial Road. If necessary, he can blow up the Celestial Road and eliminate all future troubles
.
That was what a previous deputy master of the High sect had once revealed while chatting with a master of the Snow Palace.
Obviously, the Celestial Road was in the High sect, whose very reason for existing was to protect it. But thousands of years had passed, and the great enemy from the other side had never come. The High sect had gradually forgotten its responsibilities and had become the most powerful sect in the divine realm.
It seems like I should make a trip to the High sect
, Alex thought as he withdrew his attention from the bookcase.
Now that he had some information about the Celestial Road, Alex could relax.
The Snow Palace had once been focused on developing ice energy, so Alex wasn’t in a hurry to leave. He had planned to stay there for a while longer to improve his own ice energy. But before long, an earth-shattering piece of news began to spread across the divine realm.
Everyone was whispering that Alex wasn’t from the divine realm at all. Instead, he was from Earth, and he had come to the divine realm to destroy it.
This news was sensational. At first, most people couldn’t believe it and just laughed. But as the news spread, people started to doubt him.
After all, there were lots of unanswered questions about him.
It was as if he had appeared from nowhere. The first ones to encounter him seemed to have been the people of Sword City. Before that, there had been no trace of him in the entire realm, and his power seemed to have been bestowed upon him by the heavens. It was a lot to believe on faith alone.