Many people were wondering if Alex was the reincarnation of some celestial immortal and had just awakened recently.
The news caused a huge controversy across the divine realm, and people were divided into two factions. Some supported Alex, while others opposed him. When they argued with each other, no one could convince anyone else.
However, as the arguments raged, an elder of the High sect revealed that they had once sent a core disciple to Earth, and the last message that the disciple had sent back had been, “The murderer was the Great One.”
But when the core disciple had first gone to Earth, Alex had still been unknown in the divine realm, so the disciple wouldn’t have known about him.
When the High sect elder revealed his message, the realm was in an uproar.
Why would the people of the High sect lie? Could Alex really be from Earth?
Even those who supported Alex hesitated. A sect might be framing him, but all the higher sects had made a solemn vow to stick together, and it was obvious that they had solid evidence in their hands.
The leader of the High sect went to Alex and said, “Please explain. This is about the safety of the realm and is related to the death of the master of the Thunder sect. We can’t just ignore these accusations.”
Then all the great sects, whether through elders or the sect master themselves, asked Alex to explain himself and tell them where he had come from.
Even Kaden got involved.
“Exalted One,” he said. “If you tell us your background, then you’ll be able to get rid of all these accusations and continue as before.”
The whole of the divine realm was focused on the Snow Palace and Alex. Everyone was holding their breath, waiting for Alex’s answer.
No matter how chaotic things became, Alex remained calm, but he seemed to be the only one who was.
The Snow Palace disciples were already looking at Alex in confusion. Compared to the rest of the divine realm, they were even more confused. Alex had come for Maya, which was unbelievable. Maya had never left the palace, so how could she know Alex? Yet they seemed to know each other very well.
When the news from the High sect arrived, not only were they puzzled, but they were also shocked.
Verity rushed in and asked, “Why are they saying that you’re from Earth?”
Agatha and Rose followed her inside.
“They’re slandering you, especially
the sect master,” Verity said indignantly. “He’s the most hostile to you, and he has even insisted that you answer within three days. This is going too far.”
“I am indeed from Earth,” Alex said calmly.
Verity froze on the spot, as if she had been struck by lightning.
Agatha closed her eyes and sighed. Her fantasy had been shattered. In her heart, she had suspected the truth, but she had still held a trace of hope.
“What?” Verity asked, shocked. “How can you possibly be from Earth?”
In just several months, countless proud immortals had fallen on Earth. And in the eyes of the divine realm, Earth was akin to a demon from hell that needed to be avenged.
“Do you still remember the first time you saw me?” Alex asked softly. “At that time, I was severely injured, and I came to your city to recuperate. You’re a good person, and I don’t want to lie to you.”
He gently stroked her thick black hair and said, “Since I have promised to take you as my disciple, I won’t abandon you. If you don’t want me to remain your teacher, then you can decide what you want to do instead. I won’t stand in your way.”
Verity left in a daze, and Agatha quickly followed. But before she left, she looked at Alex and said, “Are you really from Earth? Does that mean that many of the immortals of the divine realm have died at your hands?”
“That’s right,” Alex said.
Everyone fell silent.
What they were talking about was completely different from how Alex had killed Hendrix and Jaden.
Back at the Ascension Assembly, Alex had been a participant, so it had been reasonable for him to kill all his enemies. Over the years, there had been more than one winner who had killed all his opponents at the assembly. That was how someone became the top warrior of their generation. In the past, Kaden had also killed his opponents to be named the supreme warrior.
And when the eight warriors had attacked Alex, it had been clear that they were bullying him, so they had deserved their deaths at Alex’s hands.
But those who had fallen on Earth were different, and regardless of whether their deaths were justified, there had to be revenge.
“They were arrogant and unruly,” Alex said. “They viewed Earth as a bug to be crushed beneath their feet, so it was only right that I taught them a lesson.”
The people of the Snow Palace didn’t say anything, but they looked at Alex as if he were a monster.
“Please leave,” Rose said. “This palace is not powerful enough to deal with the trouble you’ll bring down on us. We won’t survive it.”
Alex didn’t blame her, and he understood.
“I’ll leave, but not today,” he said. “Since I’ve been given three days, I’ll give him an answer then. I’ll go to the High Sect and pay him a visit. I want to see how he’ll punish me!”
Alex had shocked everyone again, and they wondered if there would be a battle.
**
Alex’s admission swept through the entire realm like a hurricane.
He had really come from Earth.
So many immortals of the divine realm had died at his hands, so the realm and Alex were now sworn enemies.
Now, he even wanted to go to the High sect and see the
master there. Was there anything he wouldn’t dare to do?
Everyone was filled with righteous indignation, and they wished they could kill the great demon Alex with their own hands.
Usually, the people of the divine realm were divided. But when faced with Alex, who had come from another world, they quickly came together against a common enemy. Many of those who had supported Alex had now also changed sides.
Not long before, people had chased after Alex, wanting to gain his favor, but now, those who had looked up to them were heartbroken by what they saw as a betrayal. 
**
In Sword City, there was an eerie silence when they heard the news.
Magnus walked into his study, his face ashen. He sealed himself inside and saw no one. Everyone understood his pain.
Many elders of various smaller sects started to appear in Sword City to discuss what would happen next.
In comparison, the seven great sects weren’t just surprised; they were furious. As were the Earth immortals that represented them.
**
The chief elder of the Thunder sect was the one who shouted the loudest. “The Great One killed my disciples, killed my Earth immortals, and even killed our sect master,” he cried. “There can be no forgiveness!” 
When Alex had killed his son Enzo, Casper had been at a loss for words and hadn’t dared to take revenge. But now, Alex had finally aroused the public’s wrath, so he was the first to request that the sect attack and kill him.
“Activate the ultimate treasure of the sect, gather all the combat weapons, and attack the Great One,” he screamed.
**
Within the palace of the Crimson sect, Kaden sat cross-legged on the floor and closed his eyes like a statue.
Kelsey was kneeling on the ground with tears streaming down her face. “The Great One killed Jett. As his father, aren’t you going to seek revenge?” she asked.
Kaden didn’t move, but his hand was trembling slightly.
“All right,” she said, getting up. “If you don’t want to go, then I’ll go by myself.”
She left and had just stepped out of the gate when a sigh came from behind her.
“I’ll go,” Kaden said.
**
In the other great sects across the divine realm, there were many voices clamoring for revenge. Among the many disciples who had died on Earth, there had been core disciples from each of them.
They may not have been as prestigious as Diego or Jett, but the sects still had a grudge against Alex, and they wanted their chance to put things right.
But the other sects were wary of Alex’s unmatched strength, so they all calmly watched from the sidelines, waiting for those who were stronger to act first, so that they could decide whether they wanted to join in with the fighting.
After all, they weren’t idiots. They weren’t going to fight Alex to the death for the sake of a small grudge. It would be a bad idea to let others benefit from their foolhardiness. But if Alex was already losing, they wouldn’t mind jumping in and making him suffer.
Everyone in the realm was denouncing Alex, but no one had yet made the first move.
That changed when they heard the dignified voice of the High sect’s master saying, “The Great One will die!”
Then, the divine realm was ready to fight.
People across the realm wore solemn expressions. They knew that they would have to find a way to defeat Alex, but they also knew what it meant that the High sect had stepped up first. If the High sect won this time, then the realm would once again be under their control. The master would take the unprecedented opportunity to crown himself as the king of the divine realm.
“The battle is bound to be a wonderful one, the likes of which has not been seen since ancient times,” said an old sect master. “It will be recorded in the annals of history, and whoever is victorious will be the undisputed master of this world!”
People made their way toward the High sect from all directions. The importance of the battle would be far greater than the battle at the top of Twisted Mountain. That battle had only been to determine a single winner, and this battle was a fight between the whole of the divine realm and the Earth. The fate of both worlds was in the balance.