INSTAMILLIONAIRE_EXTENSION
Showrunner — Stephen Bozzo
Writer — Lauren Richmond
2/06/2023
Episode 
886
Back to Earth
Being a god wasn’t too hard. All Alex had to do was travel throughout the multiverse and help the other versions of himself achieve success. Actually, it was a relatively easy gig. What wasn’t easy was walking away.
When he saw Yvonne and Debbie in the forest, he wanted to stay. He wanted to save them, but he couldn’t. Another version of himself stood in his way.
Alex sat, suspended in the middle of the multiverse. He could see everything, but he understood nothing. Why couldn’t he shake the image of Yvonne and Debbie from his mind? All he had to do was move on and protect the multiverse. He was a great fighter and a fearless warrior. This was his destiny. Every decision Alex had ever made led him to this moment.
But, there was one decision Alex never made, and that in and of itself was a choice. He never was able to start up a relationship with Yvonne, she always held a special place in his heart. He couldn’t believe the Alex of the other universe actually got to date her. And then there was his girlfriend Debbie, who meant the world to Alex, but he had to leave her behind as he chased after every battle. What if he had never chased? What if he stayed back and never married Maya? Which one of those two remarkable women would have captured his heart for good?
He may have known his destiny, but he never found his soulmate. He searched deep inside himself, but he found nothing again. Was it possible that none of the Alexes across the multiverse ever found a soulmate?
He stared out into the never ending abyss of the multiverse. “What’s the answer?”
After he asked the question, a person, dressed in a black cloak, emerged from the edge of one of the branches of the multiverse. Alex hadn’t seen the person there before, but it was a big multiverse. He could have missed the dark, brooding figure in the corner.
“Hi,” Alex said, but the person didn’t respond. 
The cloaked figure stalked around, carefully inspecting all of the different timelines. Its whole body, including its face, was covered in black, velvet fabric.
Alex lifted a quizzical eyebrow. “Are you looking for something? I’m new here, too. I’m not sure exactly what I’m looking for either. Maybe I can help you?”
After this confession, the figure turned its head toward Alex. It slowly reached into its pocket, and then, quickly, pulled out a giant pair of gardening shears.
The figure was about to cut the timelines in half.
Alex shot up. “What are you doing?!”
Out of nowhere, someone materialized next to Alex, running toward the figure.
It was an old man whom Alex assumed was a god. His face was so aged and weathered, it looked like stone. “Watch out!”
The old man tackled the cloaked figure to the ground. He ripped the shears out of its hands and turned to Alex. “Catch this, then get rid of them!”
He threw the shears at Alex, who caught them, thankfully, without getting stabbed.
Alex had no clue what to do with the tool. “How do I –”
“You just get rid of them!” The old god sputtered out as he battled with the cloaked figure. The two exchanged a few punches, knocking a few timelines around in the process.
“Stop! You’re causing havoc!” The old god yelled at the figure.
The clothed figure tumbled on top of the old man. It grabbed him by the neck. Then, it spoke in a faint, whispery voice. “You won’t win this time.”
The old man kicked the figure off of him. “I doubt that.” He turned back to Alex. “Get rid of the shears!”
Alex froze, shears in hand. He had no clue what to do. He didn’t want to throw them. There was a good chance he would hit a timeline, and he didn’t feel like causing another famine. Suddenly, he had a stroke of genius. He’d stab the cloaked person with the shears, saving the old man, himself, and the timelines.
But before Alex could enact his plan, the old man broke free of the cloaked figure’s grasp. He returned to his feet and raised his arms to his sides. He clapped his hands together. The force of the clap caused a sonic wave, and the cloaked man turned into ash and floated away.
The old man was out of breath, but he turned to Alex. “First time on the job?”
Alex held up the gardening shears. “Is it really that obvious?”
The man let out a laugh. He had kind eyes and a warm smile. “Here, let me take care of those.” He snapped his fingers, and the shears miraculously disappeared.  Alex gawked at the man.
 “We call those guys the Dream Snappers. They’re a group of gods who went rogue and got imprisoned by the Keepers of the Divine Dimension, but they’re always escaping. Don’t ask me how, I don’t know,” the old god said.
“Interesting,” Alex said as he extended his hand. “I’m Alex Ambrose.”
The man raised his unruly eyebrows. “Alex Ambrose? No kidding. You’re one of the fiercest warriors across all of the universes, in every universe. I’m honored. My name is Bartholomew, but I bet you’ve never heard of me. I’m a bit of an old timer.”
The two shook hands. Alex was relieved. He finally had someone to talk to, and he was taking a liking to Bartholomew. “I’m afraid I can’t say I’ve ever met a Bartholomew before, but I’m happy I have now.”
“Let me guess. You’re new, confused, and you have a lot of questions,” Bartholomew said.
Alex nodded and cleared his throat. “I did ask a woman a few questions before, but she didn’t have many answers.”
Bartholomew scratched the white, wispy hairs on his chin. “That had to be Hera. She always speaks in riddles.”
Alex was stunned. He blinked in disbelief. “Hera? Like the Greek goddess, Hera?”
The older god chuckled. “Yup. Say, if Hera excites you that much, wait until you meet Zeus. He’s certainly larger than life. You’ve got to be careful what you say around him, though. He won’t hesitate to throw a lightning bolt straight up your ass. Though you seem like the kind who would rip it out and throw it right back.”
Alex shrugged. “Depends on whether or not I deserved it.”
Bartholomew laughed and patted Alex on the back. “I like you, kid. Well, unlike Hera, I’m an open book. I’m too old to keep any secrets. Ask away.”
“How did you just appear here out of thin air?” Alex asked.
Within an instant, Bartholomew transported behind Alex and tapped him on the back of the shoulder, causing Alex to jump in the air. Bartholomew let out a hearty chuckle. “You just have to think about it. Meditate on it. That’s the thing about being a god. Everything is controlled through willpower. It’s tough at first, but It’ll become easier with practice. Remember, mind over matter.”
Alex smashed his eyes shut, trying to focus on transporting himself. He scrunched up his fists. Then, BAM! He disappeared. He reappeared, instantly, two inches away from where he originally stood. “That was not what I wanted to do.”
Bartholomew choked back a laugh. “Well, I guess that’s a start then. Maybe we should hold off on teleportation. There’s a lot more we could discuss. Tell me, have you figured out how to travel between worlds yet?”
Alex rubbed his palm over his heart. He closed his eyes. “I did.”
Noticing the shift in Alex’s demeanor, Bartholomew put his hand on Alex’s shoulder. “If you couldn’t figure out how to save one of them, it’s okay. It happens, especially on your first few times. Hell, even an old timer like me can’t save the day sometimes.”
Alex flashed the old god a wistful smile, attempting to hide his pain. “Oh no, I was able to help my other self. I just… I came across a few old friends I haven’t seen in a while.”
With a knowing look in his eye, Bartholomew shook his head. “That happens, not too often, but it happens.”
Alex walked closer to the multiverse. He peered at one of the branches, leaning as close to it as possible. He could feel the life emanating from it. He couldn’t help but wonder if he was missing something. “Could you go back?”
“What do you mean by go back?” Bartholomew asked.
Alex fixed his stare on a particular branch of the multiverse. He sensed that it was the one he visited earlier. “The Keepers of the Divine Dimension said something about being able to go back. I assumed it meant going into one of the multiverses.”
Bartholomew scoffed. “Those Keepers are always whispering about things they shouldn’t be.”
Alex glanced over at Bartholomew. “Well, is it true? Can you go into one of the multiverses?”
Bartholomew bent down next to Alex. “You.”
“Has it happened before?” Alex asked.
Bartholomew nodded. “It has. Quite a few times. Sometimes, a god feels like he or she would be better off back in a universe, saving the people in it. So, we go back.”
Alex noticed a longing in Bartholomew’s voice. “Have you ever done it?”
Bartholomew smiled warmly at Alex, as if he were recalling a fond memory. “I have, a very long time ago. I did it to save a woman named Heline. She was sick and dying, and it was all my fault. I went back to make it right.”
The story touched Alex. He took a deep breath. “Did you?”
“I did,” Bartholomew said with a nostalgic look in his eye. “I was able to save her during the brief time I went back. I did a lot of other good things, too, and I didn’t regret a second of it. Heline was my soulmate.”
The word cut through Alex like a hot knife to butter. “I don’t know if I have a soulmate.”
The old god laughed at Alex’s naivety. “Everyone has a soulmate, Alex. You just never found yours.”
At that moment, Alex knew what he had to do. “How do I go back?”
Bartholomew took a step back from Alex. “Well, it’s complicated. You can go into any universe at any time, but when you do, you won’t remember any of this.”
Alex looked back at the old man. “What about my life before? Will I remember that?”
“No, you relinquish all your past memories, and they get replaced with the other Alex's memories,” Bartholomew said matter-of-factly.
“So, I’ll have no idea any of this happened. I’ll lose all of my memories, and I’ll have no idea who I am. I won’t be able to guarantee I get what I want,” Alex said dejectedly.
Bartholomew raised his hands. “That’s life, kid. Nothing’s a guarantee. That’s why we’re here, to make sure at least some things go right.”
This was a huge decision for Alex. Was he really willing to give up everything? Becoming a god, he already had to leave his old life behind, but now he won’t even have his memories. Was he willing to risk everything for Yvonne and Debbie?
Alex thought about it. Then, he gave the man a curt nod. “Okay, I’ll do it.”
Bartholomew looked Alex up and down. “Are you sure? That’s a daunting thing, to let go of all the memories you have right now.”
Alex heard the echoing of Yvonne’s laugh in his mind, and in that moment, he felt connected to the spirit of all Alexes. He spoke as if he had the strength of each of them combined. “If I am a god now, I’m certain I’ll become a god again. I have something more important to live for. I’m positive. I need to go back.”
“You remind me of myself,” Bartholomew said with a smile.
Alex cracked his knuckles. “So, what do I need to do?”
Bartholomew paced around Alex. He rolled up his sleeves and dusted off his hands. His gaze met Alex’s. He looked at him with respect and admiration.
Alex shifted. “What?”
Bartholomew shrugged. “Nothing. You just need to relax.”
With that, the old god shoved Alex with a single hand.
Alex flew backward so far that Bartholomew faded out of view. The whole world shattered around him. As he cascaded through the Divine Dimension, it became fragmented, like broken pieces of glass.
His consciousness started slipping away. He couldn’t remember where he was or what he was doing.
Until it all went black.
When he came to, Alex was standing in his bedroom, in his house located deep in the forest just outside the city of Baltimore.
Alex looked at himself in the mirror. He was tall, tan and fit. He had dark features and an intimidating gaze. He wore a tight black shirt that showed off his massive biceps and tight blue jeans that showed off his massive thighs.
The bedroom was huge. It made the Alaskan king sized mattress look like it was a twin. Next to the bed stood a nightstand with a picture of Debbie resting on top.
Alex rubbed his head, as if something was wrong, but he couldn’t place his finger on what. 
There was a small, old fashioned radio sitting on the bed. A news report played through its speaker. “While police have captured the chief financial officer of Naysmith Pharmaceuticals, Riley Naysmith is still on the loose. He was last seen outside of the main office of Naysmith Pharmaceuticals in Downtown Baltimore. If anyone has any idea of his whereabouts, please contact the police. This man is dangerous, and he is armed. In other news, those affected by the harmful side effects of the Naysmith so-called miracle drug can find complementary treatment at Ambrose Pharmacies throughout the city, courtesy of Baltimore’s heroic billionaire philanthropist, Alex Ambrose.”
Alex picked up the radio and held it in his hands. He stared forward, processing what he just heard. He turned down the radio then threw it back on the bed.
“I cannot believe Riley got away. I thought they had him in custody. I’m going to have to get a hold of Debbie. I can’t have her running around by herself while Riley’s out doing God knows what. That’s one dangerous man on the loose, and sadly I’m his number one target.” he said, enraged.
Alex pulled his cell phone out of his pocket. He texted Debbie to come back to his house if she could, then he shut off the phone and locked it away. “No one is getting any information I don’t want them to. We have to bunker down.”
He sighed, pacing back and forth. “Okay, at least I invited everyone over. This way everyone will be safe. Chris and Louis will be a big help, and Yvonne… well, at least Yvonne won’t be left to her own devices. I know she likes to get herself in constant trouble, but that won’t happen here. Not under my watch.”
He walked toward his bedroom window and picked up the curtain. He peered outside, surveying the forest. He locked the window and closed the curtain.
Before he left his bedroom, he grabbed his trusted radio.
“Riley Naysmith has been a pain in my side for as long as I can remember. I’m done playing his little games. He may think he can bully the city of Baltimore, but he can’t bully me. I'm ending this fight once and for all, even if it’s the last thing I do.”