An American in Paris
Debbie watched Alex with curious eyes, unsure of how he would react to the news that she wanted to move out.
The two had lived together practically since they started dating. They instantly attached themselves to each other’s hips.
Alex, however, was none the wiser. He was so positive that Debbie wanted to get back together, he didn’t even register what she had said.
Alex lifted his arm to put it around Debbie. “Absolutely.” Then, he realized that Debbie did not propose to get back together, as he thought she was going to do. “You want to move out?”
Meekily, Debbie nodded. “It would be best for both of us to get some space. It will give us clarity.”
Alex felt as if he had been sucker punched in the gut. He didn’t know how to respond. All he knew was that he screwed up everything, big time.
A stammer leaped nervously to his throat. “Uh, clarity for what?”
Debbie bowed her head, unwilling to look Alex in the eye. “Alex, I’ve been with you for such a long time. I barely remember who I am without you. I just want to discover who Debbie Clifton is without being Debbie Clifton, Alex Ambrose’s girlfriend.”
It was almost too much for Alex to process. He ran his hand through his hair. “You mean you don’t think you were being yourself when we were together?”
Debbie shook her head. “Absolutely not. I’m always being myself. It’s just, it’s hard to explain. Being in a relationship with you became most of my personality. I dedicated my whole life to helping you.”
His dark eyebrows drew together in a scowl. “I never asked you to do that, Debbie.”
Debbie sighed. “I know. I would never say that you did, and I was happy to help, but now, I want to do things on my own.” She reached out to grab Alex’s hand. “You’re the most amazing person that I’ve ever met.”
Alex pulled his hand away. He couldn’t help but be bitter. He didn’t understand. Debbie never expressed feeling like this before. 
Why did she have a sudden change of heart? 
He thought.
 Or did she feel this way all along, but she never told me? Either way, this sucks.
Alex felt a tinge of heat sting his cheeks. “If I’m so amazing and you were so happy, why are we splitting up Debbie? There has to be a better reason.”
Debbie bit her lip. “Alex, we were a mess. Do I need to remind you that you kissed Yvonne the night you told me you cheated on me?”
Alex shook his head. “It was the biggest mistake of my life. I know that I should have never done that, and I never will again.”
Debbie let out a disappointed sigh. “As much as I do believe you, I think you need to figure things out, too. Time apart won’t just be beneficial for me. It’ll help you too. We both have things we need to sort through.”
The two sat in awkward silence.
Debbie cleared her throat. “I should probably start moving my stuff out of the closet. I can call a mover, but maybe Christopher and Louis would help instead.”
It was all happening so fast. 
I can’t believe she’s really doing this, 
he thought
.
Debbie noticed Alex’s despondence. She nudged his arm. “Think that Christopher and Louis would lend a hand.”
Alex’s heart dropped. He pressed his lips together to stop them from trembling. “Uh, yeah. They would probably help.”
Debbie tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. She nodded. “It will help us find out what we both need. We’ll be better people.”
Alex felt dizzy. He gripped the couch to keep his bearings. “You’re already perfect, Debbie. You can’t get any better.”
Sensing that Alex was upset, Debbie leaned toward him. “Oh, Alex. It’s not–”
[SFX: Doorbell]
The ring of the doorbell interrupted their conversation. 
Debbie tilted her head toward the door. “It’s probably the pizza.”
With a heavy sigh, Alex stood up. “I’ll get it.”
Alex opened the door to see the delivery man, a pimply teenager with an orange polo that featured a giant white pocket with a pizza decal stamped on it.
The teenager’s mouth dropped. “Are you Alex Ambrose?”
Alex rubbed the back of his neck. “Unfortunately.”
As the teenager spoke, his voice cracked. “Uh, here’s your pizza, Mr. Ambrose. By the way, thanks for saving the city of Baltimore.” 
He wiped his nose with the back of his hand. “A super soldier almost killed my mom. We spent days in the Baltimore General Hospital wondering if she’d make it.”
Alex grimaced. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
The kid nodded. “She ended up making it, but the super soldier tore off one of her legs, so she has to use a wheelchair. My life will never be the same.”
Alex solemnly looked down at his feet. “I bet.”
The teenager stared at Alex with a wistful look in his eyes. “My dad and I said that you’re our hero. We were happy when you killed all of those super soldiers.”
“Don’t mention it,” Alex replied as the teenager held out the pizza box.
As Alex accepted the pizza, a single, wistful tear rolled down his cheek. Quickly, he wiped the side of his face. Then, he reached into his wallet and pulled out a twenty-dollar bill.
He stuffed the money in the delivery boy’s pocket. “Here, kid. For your troubles.”
The teenager’s face lit up like the sky on the Fourth of July. “Wow, you really are a hero, Alex Ambrose!” After receiving his tip, the young man skipped away.
Before he went back, Alex noticed his mailbox was stuffed. He grabbed a handful of envelopes, and advertisements before heading inside.
He threw the pizza box down on the coffee table. “I’ll go get the plates.”
As he walked toward the kitchen, Alex leafed through his mail. It was mostly junk, but there was one piece of junk that caught his eye. Someone had sent him a brochure for a real estate convention. Usually, Alex would throw such a thing straight in the trash, but this was different. This real estate convention was in Paris, France.
Alex’s eyes scanned the front of the paper. It read, “An American in Paris - Bring a Parisian Style to the Homes You Sell.”
A trip to Paris
, he thought. 
Now doesn’t sound like such a bad thing
. He looked over his shoulder at Debbie, who scrolled through her phone while sitting on the couch. 
The brochure gave Alex an idea. A real estate convention in another country was the perfect chance to get some alone time with Debbie and win her back.
A smirk pulled at Alex’s lips. 
I think Debbie could use a little getaway. Who knows? Maybe we could find ourselves on the trip, and then, we could find out way back to each other.
Much to his luck, the convention was taking place within the next week.
In a flash, Alex threw the rest of the junk mail in the trash and grabbed two plates from the cupboard.
Alex set Debbie’s plate on her lap. On the top of the plate, he strategically placed the brochure.
Debbie picked it up, examining the front and back of the leaflet. “Uh, what’s this?”
With a smirk, Alex grabbed two pieces of pizza and slapped them onto his plate. “Okay, I have a proposal. Since you left, our real estate business took a hit. We need to reinvent our strategy. A convention could be a really good idea. We can meet some new contacts, and maybe get inspired.”
Debbie thumbed through the brochure. 
Admittedly, it isn’t a horrible idea, 
she thought. 
I mean, who doesn’t want to go to Paris? But things are still so weird with Alex. It might be awkward. Well, regardless of how I feel, he and I still have to work together as business partners. This may be a good opportunity for Alex to see me as more than just his girlfriend.
Debbie glanced back to Alex. He was staring at her with wide eyes.
“Uh, sure,” Debbie said. “I think this could be beneficial.”
Alex was shocked. He didn’t expect Debbie to jump on board so quickly. He swallowed a huge bite of pizza. “Really?”
The woman shrugged. “You are right that we need some new strategies. I’ve been looking to switch things up for a while. This convention could provide a lot of great ideas. I think it would be great for the business.”
Alex’s eyebrows shot up, thrilled to hear Debbie going along with his crazy idea. “So you would want to go? Even if it’s with me?”
Debbie nodded. “Yes, I do. However, I have a few conditions.”
Alex didn’t like the sound of that. He furrowed his brow. “Conditions?”
Debbie set her plate on the coffee table. She turned her body toward Alex. “I want you to treat me like your business partner and nothing else.”
Alex bit his lip. “Fair enough.”
Confidently, Debbie held up three fingers. “That means three things. First of all, we shouldn’t sit by each other on the plane.”
Alex shrugged. “Fine.”
Debbie wasn’t done yet. “Second, I don’t want to stay in the same room. We sleep in separate rooms.”
As much as Alex hated to agree to this stipulation, he knew he had no choice. “Okay, we could do that.”
Debbie sat up straighter. “And finally, I’m not going to spend all my free time with you. I want alone time, and I want to explore Paris by myself.”
After mulling it over, Alex looked Debbie directly in the eye. “It’s a deal.”
The deal wasn’t everything Alex had hoped for. But it was a start. He figured he would find ways to spend more time with Debbie while in Paris. 
We’ll be in the city of love, the most romantic city in the world, 
he thought. 
Something is bound to happen between us. 
***
Deep underground in the bunker, Lincoln, Justin, and Todrick Dangles sat around a poker table.
Justin pushed a few poker chips into the middle of the table. “Bet.”
At that, Dangles and Lincoln both folded.
Justin revealed his hand. He had a seven of clubs and a two of diamonds. 
Dangles slammed his hand on the table. “Damn it! I had better cards than that.” 
The one-eyed man leaned forward. “How do you do that?”
Justin shrugged. “You lie.”
Dangles nodded. “I know that, but how do you lie so well?”
Justin offered him a devious smirk. “Lots of practice.”
Lincoln smiled, proud of his grandson. “That’s my boy.” He stood up. “This is why we’re going to succeed.”
Justin let out an exasperated sigh. “Sadly, Grandpa, we already failed. Enrichment was a disaster.”
Lincoln shook his head. “Enrichment was only the beginning. We have so much more to accomplish.” He beamed at his grandson. “And I need to whip you into shape.”