Meeting Mona Lisa
After a long day at the real estate convention, Debbie and Alex went sightseeing around Paris.
So far, Debbie had broken every single one of her rules. She had not expected Alex to act so accommodating and so charming. The romantic dinner they had the night before didn’t help either. She was beginning to crave his company.
She knew she was treading into dangerous waters, but she couldn’t stop herself.
The two walked through the Louvre, their hands dangling dangerously close to each other.
It was relatively quiet as the two walked in front of the Venus de Milo, the iconic marble statue.
Debbie’s jaw dropped as she gawked at the popular sculpture. “Oh, my goodness. That is beautiful.”
Alex tilted his head to the side. “I don’t know. It doesn’t hold a candle to you.”
A blush rose to Debbie’s cheeks. “Oh, stop it.” She playfully nudged Alex’s arm.
Alex’s mouth twisted into a smirk. “What? I mean, she can’t hold a candle. She doesn’t have arms. You, on the other hand, no pun intended, have arms.”
Debbie rolled her eyes. “Oh, Alex. That was super corny.”
Alex chuckled. “I mean it though. You’re the most beautiful woman in the world. It’s a wonder that every artist in the world isn’t fighting over the chance to sculpt such a stunning face.”
His eyes raked over Debbie’s face. He slowly lifted his hand to her cheek, tucking a piece of hair behind her ear. “I could picture it now, the Venus de Debbie.”
Debbie nearly melted under his intense gaze. “Oh, that’s a horrible name for a sculpture.”
Debbie peered up at Alex, noticing his strong jaw and chiseled features. 
If anyone is a work of art, it’s Alex
, she thought.
She looked away, instantly realizing she was letting herself fall too hard and too fast. She quickly stepped away, moving to look at the next work of art.
Frescos mounted the walls next to the Venus de Milo.
Debbie gazed at the detailed painting. “Look at all the cracks. It’s so old.”
Alex nodded. “Well, it was created in 1483. But the cracks are because it’s a fresco. The old masters would paint directly on top of wet plaster. That way, the paint would bond with the plaster. The paintings on the Sistine Chapel ceiling are frescos.”
Debbie pursed her lips. Then, she turned toward Alex. “Do you think there is going to be a real estate convention in Italy anytime soon?”
Alex burst into laughter. “Debbie, if you want to go to Italy, all you have to do is say the word. We’ll go right after this if you want to.”
Debbie smiled as she shook her head. “We can’t. Tom Sawyer might destroy your house if we leave him alone for too long. Do you want to have to do another Relaxing Renovation with Ken Stokes?”
Alex groaned. “No I do not. That’s a very fair point.”
The couple turned down an open hallway filled with paintings. Debbie pulled a map of the museum out of her purse. “Alright, we’re in the Grande Gallery. This is all from the Italian Renaissance.”
Alex pointed at one of the paintings, a portrait of a brown haired woman. “Do you know who did that one?”
Debbie squinted. “Nope. But I don’t think it was Andy Warhol.”
A smile tugged at Alex’s lips. “Well, you are right about that. This painting is by da Vinci.”
Debbie stepped forward and read the title of the piece. “Portrait of La Belle Ferronnière. Who’s La Belle? Her hair looks like earmuffs. Personally, I’m not a fan. I’m only looking for one lady by Leonardo da Vinci, and that’s the Mona Lisa!”
Alex raised his eyebrows. “Oh, don’t worry. We’ll get there soon.”
Her eyes glinted with excitement. “Really? I don’t think I’ve ever been more excited.”
As they neared the end of the hallway, the museum grew more crowded.
Debbie stood on her tiptoes. “Is everyone gathering in that room to see what I think?”
Alex smirked. “I believe so.”
Without thinking, Debbie grabbed Alex’s hand. “Oh, come on. We have to go in.
Debbie bulled through the crowd, dragging Alex behind her.
The two stood, shoulder to shoulder in a crowded room, staring at the Mona Lisa.
Debbie squinted. “That’s not it, is it?”
Alex tried to repress a chuckle. “That’s it.”
The painting was small. From where they stood in the room, they could barely see it.
Debbie whispered in Alex’s ear. “Do you have any binoculars?”
Alex shook his head. “No, no I don’t.”
Debbie pushed her way forward, trying to get a better look at the painting. She let out a disappointed sigh. “It’s tinier than I thought it would be.”
Alex tilted his head to the side. “Yeah, that’s what everyone says.”
Debbie’s face went slack as she squinted at the portrait. “I mean, everyone goes nuts over this?”
Alex nodded. “Yup. It’s the most famous painting in the world, after all.”
Debbie stared at the Mona Lisa’s gentle smile. Then, she let out a disappointed sigh. “Eh, I guess I don’t get it.”
Debbie turned around, and Alex followed her lead.
The two made their way through the crowd, out of the room that guarded the Mona Lisa.
As soon as they left the room, the crowd disappeared. It was only Debbie and Alex.
She turned to face him, crossing her arms. “What was that?”
Alex raised a confused eyebrow. “What was what?”
Debbie pointed in the direction of the Mona Lisa. “That! You got me all excited to see the Mona Lisa, and it was the lamest thing I’ve ever seen. It was so small, and she looked so boring! I have been talking about this for days! You could have at least given me a heads up!”
Alex burst into hysterics. “I had a feeling this would happen. What was I supposed to say?”
Debbie threw up her hands. “‘Hey, Debbie, just so you know, that painting is really small and kind of lame! Don’t get your hopes up. It stinks!’”
Alex brought his pointer finger to his mouth and shushed Debbie. “Someone is going to hear you! It’s the most beloved painting of all time!”
Debbie pursed her lips. “I don’t care! It’s overrated!”
As Alex smiled down at Debbie, her face cracked, and she burst into a laughing fit. The two giggled as they made their way through the museum.
They turned down a hallway filled with portraits. As they strolled slowly, they took the time not just to admire the paintings but also each other.
One portrait of a historical figure caught their attention. It was a painting of Maxamillian Robespierre.
The two stopped.
Their giggle fit came to an end as they came face to face with the leader of the French Revolution.
Debbie scratched her head as she glared at the familiar face. “Isn’t that Riley’s cyborg?”
Alex pursed his lips. “Yup, that’s the guy he programmed the cyborg to look and act like him.”
Debbie grimaced. “Ugh, brings back bad memories.”
Alex patted her on the back. “You’re right. Let’s keep going. Do you want to go back to see the Mona Lisa?”
Debbie rolled her eyes. “No, absolutely not.”
She continued walking down the hall.
[SFX: Buzz]
Alex stopped as he received a notification on his smartwatch. It was a message from his mother. With a sigh, Alex turned off the face of the watch.
When Debbie noticed Alex wasn’t standing beside her, she looked over her shoulder. “You coming, Alex?”
Without saying a word, Alex nodded.
Debbie could tell something was wrong. Up until now, Alex was fine all day. He had a pep in step, and a cheery smile on his lips. 
The two were just laughing and joking around with each other. Now, he looked like all of the color had been drained out of his face. 
Something had to have happened.
As Alex ambled forward, he bit his lip.
Debbie reached out to him. “Is everything alright?”
Alex fell silent for a moment. As he rubbed the back of his neck, he shook his head. “Well, I guess not.”
Debbie took his hand as they continued to stroll through the museum. “You could tell me about it if it would make you feel better.”
Alex hesitated. He brought Debbie to Paris to escape everything back in Baltimore. He didn’t want the real world to interfere with their good time. “No, don’t worry about it.”
Debbie lowered her eyebrow. “Alex, I want you to tell me, please.”
Alex clenched his jaw. “It’s my mother.”
Debbie remembered her previous conversations with Alex about Flora. “Is she upset about microplastics again?”
Alex smirked, but he couldn’t bring himself to smile. “Well, I’m sure she’s still upset about that, but there’s something else.” He took a deep breath. “When she was at the house, she told me something, something that I don’t understand.”
Debbie’s eyes flickered with concern. “What?”
Alex’s gaze met Debbie’s. “She told me she doesn’t know who Justin’s father is, but she doesn’t think Justin is Gideon’s son.”
Shocked, Debbie’s jaw dropped. “Oh, wow.”
Alex swallowed. “Yeah, I know. But, what really bothered me, was that when I would ask her questions, she refused to answer. I’m not sure if my father knows.”
Debbie leaned in closer to Alex. “I’m so sorry. Did she say who she thinks the father is?”
Alex shook his head. “No.”
Debbie clung to his side. She knew he needed her. “That’s horrible.”
The two stopped at the end of the hallway. Then, Debbie embraced him in a hug. “No matter what happens, it’s going to be okay.”
Alex nuzzled into her shoulder, inhaling at the same time. The scent of her hair comforted him. “I suppose it will be alright..”
After a few seconds, Debbie pulled away. “I mean, it explains a lot. Justin was always, well, different.”
Alex chuckled at Debbie’s choice of words. “Yeah, that’s a way to put it nicely.”
Debbie nodded understandingly. “Well, whatever happens, I’ll support you. Maybe it’s good that we went to Paris. It could take your mind off of everything for a little.”
Alex grinned at her. “I was thinking the same thing.”
Debbie looked around. It appeared that they had made it through the museum. “So, what do you want to do now?”
Alex raised an eyebrow. “Dinner?”
Debbie’s eyes lit up. “Oh, yes. I’m starving.”
Alex stretched his arms out. “Any preferences?”
Debbie grabbed his hand. “Actually, yes. I want to have ratatouille.”
Alex beamed. “Of course! It’s the namesake of your favorite movie, after all.”
The two walked out of the museum, hand in hand.
As they did, Alex’s watch buzzed again. This time, with notifications from SCOT, and a message from Louis.
But, Alex didn’t even take the time to look. He silenced the watch, focused on making the best of his time with Debbie.