Alex drove the car back to school with Rachael. Rachael was going to a school near the Preston University campus.
The sky had already grown dark, and the street lamps on both sides of the road had lit up. There was a unique mood in the car.
"I didn't expect this car to be yours," Rachael said with a faint smile. The flashing lights made her face glow.
"What? You didn’t like it?" Alex asked.
Hearing Alex's words, Rachael turned her face toward the window and blushed.
"No, I just like you more," she said sweetly. Rachael recalled the first time she saw Alex, "People would bully you and scold you, but you didn't seem to take it to heart. I can see the determination in your eyes."
"And now?" Alex didn't expect Rachael to speak so openly about her thoughts.
"Since you drive this car, it means that you are so much more powerful than Harry and the others. But you disguised yourself so well that even I couldn't see it. Those guys can't compare to you," Rachael spoke as she lowered her head slightly, intertwined her hands, and looked slightly disappointed.
Alex heard the feeling of inferiority in Rachael's words.
It was no wonder she felt that way as Alex's swanky car was worth over one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. On the surface, it seemed like Alex's family was of much higher status than Rachael's. But, his family background was much more powerful.
This was what Alex had always been worried about. The trouble his identity would cause him after it was revealed.
Rachael was a good girl. Alex cherished her as a friend.
"Rachael, you've made a mistake. This car isn't mine. I borrowed it from someone else," Alex lied.
"You borrowed it from someone else?" Rachael blinked her large eyes in astonishment.
"I swear! This car belongs to someone else. I swear—otherwise, I'll die a horrible death!" Alex continued to lie, but he also felt quite at ease because it wasn't truly a lie. Technically, this car belonged to Lucy Smith.
"So that's what happened. You almost tricked all of us!" Rachael laughed and felt secretly delighted in her heart.
By then, Alex had already arrived at Rachael’s school. She said goodbye to Alex and walked off.
Alex drove the damaged car directly to the repair shop and then drove back with a loaner car. He stopped to have a meal in the cafeteria. It was almost ten o'clock at night, so Alex didn't get a chance to tell Debbie about the villa. He went back to his dorm to sleep.
***
The next morning, Alex was asleep when he was pulled out of bed by his roommate, Joe. He washed his face and didn't say anything as Joe dragged him to a coffee shop off-campus.
Suzan was there waiting for them. After having a drink, Suzan explained the reason she wanted to talk with Alex.
It turned out that the relationship between Rose and Zane had developed rapidly in the last two days. Suzan felt that Zane wasn't interested in Rose, so she wanted Alex to distract Rose, or, at least, manage to prevent Rose and Zane from getting together.
"Eh—I think you should find someone else," Alex muttered as he thought about how badly Rose treated him earlier.
"Alex—Rose was just talking nonsense. She usually has a good personality. Last semester, the school invited her to teach in a small mountain town, so Rose volunteered to live in a town in Montana for half a month before coming back," said Suzan.
This surprised Alex a little. He could not picture Rose living in a remote town.
"You even brought food to see Rose last time, which proves that you're quite concerned about her. I don't think you want to see her with Zane, right?" Suzan said as she tried to convince him.
Alex smiled wryly in his heart. The food that he had brought was not meant for Rose at all.
Although Alex did not have a good impression of Rose, he remembered how Zane pretended to be thankful but doubted his character. He agreed since he did not want Rose to date Zane.
"That's great! I've already told Rose that we're going to the amusement park today. Alex, you have to make good use of this opportunity. Maybe you can take Rose down!" Suzan giggled.
"Will she join us?" Alex asked as he didn't think much would come of it. With Rose's personality, he doubted that she would go if she knew that he would be there.
"No, she'll come. Don't worry—you guys sit down. I'll go outside and see if Rose is here," Suzan said before walking out of the shop.
At that moment, Rose arrived carrying her large handbag.
"Rose, go in quickly. We came with Alex a long time ago," Suzan said as she pulled Rose into the shop.
Rose stood still and looked at Suzan reluctantly, "Suzan, I  know what you’re trying to do but it's obvious that Alex and I are from two different worlds."
Rose already knew from Suzan that when Alex had brought all that delicious food, it was from his boss at the restaurant he worked for in the city. So, in her eyes, Alex was still a total loser.
"Rose, look, you're already here. It's fine if we go hang out together. Maybe if we hang out more with Alex, you can find some good qualities in him," Suzan said as she tried to convince her. She just didn't want Rose to be with Zane.
"It's not going to work between us," Rose smiled wryly, "But I'll give you this one today. Just don't call me up for more dates with Alex after today."
Suzan's heart chilled a little when she heard Rose's attitude.
The two of them walked into the shop.
"Alex, Rose is here—why are you still standing there?" Suzan gave Alex a cue.
"Rose, you're here!" Since Alex had promised Suzan, he tried his best to be nice to Rose.
"I have a last name, so next time you can address me as Miss Scott," Rose didn't even want to look at Alex as she proudly said this.
That sentence made Alex, Suzan, and Joe feel quite awkward. Rose's attitude was still the same. How is this going to work for Alex and Rose?
"All right, let's get going since everyone is here," Suzan suggested, while Alex and Joe also got ready to leave.
"There is someone who hasn't arrived yet," Rose said as her lips curled up into a smile.
"There's someone else, Rose? Didn't I tell you that only four of us are going to hang out? Who else did you invite?" Suzan said feeling a little disappointed. She had specifically told Rose about this, which Rose had agreed to.
Rose didn't answer, but a man had already appeared.
A slightly chubby boy walked over. He was wearing a shirt and a New York baseball cap.
"Zane, you came!" Rose walked toward Zane with a smile and put her arm around his.
"Rose, Zane is coming? Why didn't you tell me this before?" Suzan's face darkened as she saw how cozy Rose and Zane were with each other.
"Oh my, Suzan. Zane just happened to be passing by. That's why I called him over," Rose said without noticing that she went overboard.
She cleared her throat, looked at Suzan and the others, and said, "Actually, I have one more thing to announce. Zane had confessed his feelings to me, so, from today onwards, we're together."
Suzan froze when she heard that.
Joe was also very surprised and looked over at Alex.
Alex guessed that Rose agreed to go out with Zane ' because she thought that Zane had helped her family. But Zane had faked his help to her.
If Rose continues to believe such a dishonest person like him, she might end up suffering a huge loss! Alex thought.
Seeing Alex's sad and disappointed expression, Rose felt very comfortable.
Hmph—you dared to charge into First Republic Bank like a poor loser with a muddled brain. Save it. Let's see if you still dare to think of good fortunes in the future, Rose thought to herself.
Now that Rose is with Zane, Alex thought, there's no way I can do what I promised Suzan. I need to find an excuse to get out of here.
"I have some things I should take care of today," he said.
Rose became even more proud of herself. Alex looked so ashamed by his inferiority and probably felt embarrassed to stay here any longer.
"Alex, you're here anyway, and besides, we've already booked your ticket. So, let's have some fun together!" Suzan said as she tried to persuade him.
Joe also came over to persuade Alex to stay. Suzan and Joe would feel bad if they let Alex leave just like that.
"Alex, look at you. Suzan is inviting you with such sincerity—stop putting on airs. We're all friends, let's hang out together," Rose said as she enthusiastically invited Alex.
"That's right! Look—Rose said that. Alex, you should stay," Suzan chimed in, feeling very happy when she heard Rose urge Alex to stay. Perhaps after a day of hanging out with Rose, Alex would steal Rose away from Zane.
Rose said a few more words to persuade Alex to stay.
"All right then—I'll go with you guys," Alex felt a little embarrassed to be invited like this.
"That's great!" Rose clapped her hands and jumped up, "This way, when we're doing stuff, there will be someone who will watch over our bags for us.