[The Duel is starting now.]
A few words appeared on the screen, followed by a progress bar for each contestant. Both sides were now zero, and the countdown of ten minutes had begun.
[9:59.]
[9:58.]
“Hi, Lovely Cathy.” Minnie waved at Cathy. Cathy's screen name was “Lovely Cathy.”
“Hello,” Cathy said trying to sound nonchalant. She didn’t want to be distracted by chatting with Minnie right now. Cathy had already set her heart on the prize of one hundred thousand dollars.
Cathy's mind was clear. After being broadcast live for so long, the opponent had far more experience than she did and probably had better tactics. She had only been live broadcasting for a few hours, so she would lose if she didn’t do something really special. If she wanted to win, she had to pull out all the stops.
She said endearingly to the screen, “Guys, if you have any requests, feel free to ask. As long as you’re prepared to bid high, Lovely Cathy will definitely give you satisfaction. You guys in Minnie’s room, if you like what you see, why don’t you come over to mine.”
In Minnie's live broadcast room, some people started to criticize Cathy, saying that she sounded too arrogant and was out of line.
Minnie had been hosting her live broadcasting show for a long time. She knew exactly what people liked. Most people like a host who is magnanimous, pretty, polite, and kind. She thought. A host like this attracts the most support. A host likes me. An aggressive host like Cathy, who tries to steal her opponent’s fans the moment she opens her mouth, and even thinks she can make enough money from her live broadcast to earn a living—won’t be popular at all.
Sure enough, Minnie's progress bar began to rise. However, some of the people in her live broadcast channel also went to Cathy's live channel to tell her what they thought of her.
Cathy's eyes were fixed on the screen, automatically blocking the unpleasant messages. She only paid attention to the messages that would be useful to her.
Oriental Red: [Take a bucket of water and pour it over your head. Sending a Banknote Gun.] This was equivalent to one hundred dollars.
Wolfman: [Finish a bottle of cola in one go. Remember to shake it a few times. Sending a Magic Book.], equivalent to thirty dollars.
Whale Rider: [Stick two pens in your nostrils for 30 seconds. Sending a High Energy Warning.], equivalent to twenty-five dollars.
Cathy said, “All right, Oriental Red, I'll do it right now. Remember to give me the reward. If my other fans are happy, you can also give me rewards. Thank you, everyone.”
Cathy took a bucket of water and walked in front of the camera. “Viewers, Lovely Cathy is about to pour a bucket of water over her head. Enjoy the show and remember to send in a reward.”
Cathy stood with her arms wrapped around her chest and her eyes closed. Her two roommates lifted the bucket and poured cold water over her head.
Cathy was soaked to the skin, and makeup ran down her face. Her wet clothes clung to her body, and her underwear was visible beneath her clothes.
A wave of messages streaked across the screen. Other than the person who bid a Banknote Rifle, others appeared on the screen.
Gifts like Necklace, Bikini, and Signatures cost quite a lot, mixed with Ferrari and High Energy Warning.
On the progress bar, Cathy's side had already reached over fourteen thousand, while Minnie's side only had five hundred.
Cathy was thrilled to see that her progress bar was so much higher than Minnie's.
However, even though Minnie was losing, she didn't seem to care at all. Previously, she had been determined to win, but after seeing Cathy trying so hard, she seemed to be supporting her.
Minnie even sent in a message to show that she was paying attention to Cathy's account and supporting her. “Lovely Cathy is too good. I've never seen such an incredible competitor before. I need to pay attention to her live streaming and learn from her.” 
Cathy read the message and thought, Hmph, don't think that I don't know that you are only pretending to be on my side. I won't be fooled by you. That one hundred thousand is mine, so don't even think about taking it away.
Cathy continued with her show. “'Now the challenge I'm really worried about,” she said on screen. “Wolfman, I'm going to drink the cola in one go now, and don’t worry, I’ll remember to give it a shake.” She took a twenty fluid ounce bottle of cola from her roommate, shook it vigorously as requested, and opened it with a smile. She drank all the contents in one go.
The carbon dioxide from the cola made her throat itch. As the liquid rushed into her mouth, some went down her windpipe, making her cough and splutter.
Cathy wanted to vomit, but when she thought of the prize of a hundred thousand dollars, she shut her eyes tightly and refused to let the cola spurt out.
She swallowed the drink down bit by bit. Some of the brown liquid leaked out from her mouth and dropped onto her chest.
Cathy had managed to drink the bottle of cola in one go. As she spoke to the screen, she let out a long burp. The pungent smell made her eyes water.
But she didn't let herself think about feeling humiliated at all. She only allowed herself to think about the money. As long as she could get the money, she was willing to do anything.
After drinking the cola, Cathy continued to satisfy all the weird requests that other viewers had made.
[Slap yourself hard in the face.]
[Eat a length of toilet paper.]
She did everything they asked.
**
With only two minutes to go, Cathy seemed to be winning by a mile. Her total was already at twenty-seven thousand, while Minnie’s was only at two thousand. 
At this moment, Minnie, who had been quietly watching Cathy's humiliating performance, murmured, “The competition is just about to begin.”
She turned to the screen and said, “Viewers, let me give everyone a song called Cold. Those who enjoy it, please remember to send me a gift to show your appreciation.” Minnie turned on the accompaniment to the song. She turned it up loud and started to sing.
“The night is getting cooler
Flowers turn to frost on the ground
You are watching from a distance
All twilight is exhausted
Forget yourself without thinking.”
Minnie knew that people enjoyed her singing. She had used this trick before on her live broadcast.
Cathy heard Minnie singing and thought to herself, she must be getting desperate. She must have seen that I’m miles ahead of her. Does she think singing that sad song is going to help her? People want to watch a show that’s lively and gives them something to laugh at. And to think that she’s a host with twenty thousand fans. What a shame.
Cathy said on screen, “Viewers, all of you out there. There are only two more minutes before I win.” Cathy held up a basin full of water. “I’ll pour another basin of water over myself if you all send in more gifts.”
The basin of water was poured over her by her friends.
Minnie wasn't affected in the slightest. She continued to sing leisurely as she slowly danced. The effect was intoxicating.
[Stunning.] said one message.
[You’re from another world.] another agreed.
Minnie was still singing.
“The heart of the sea
He could no longer feel the pain
But it was all an illusion.”
At that moment, the voice singing the men’s parts changed. It sounded like it was being sung by a real man. Everyone in the live broadcast room was stunned.
Minnie, who continued singing, glanced at the screen of her phone. She was waiting for something.
Cathy watched her and thought, okay, you are talented, but it’s too late.
She poured another bucket of water over herself.
However, everyone noticed that the number of rewards being gifted to Minnie was shooting up.
Teen Spirit: [Sending you ten Money Guns.]
Cloud Walker: [Sending you ten Tiger Teeth No.1.]
Sky Wolf Emperor: [Sending you 15 Mantras.] 
In addition to these high-value items, there were even more people donating other gifts such as Blood Bottles, Cups, and Hot Pots. They were sending more than ten of each.
Cathy watched helplessly as Minnie's progress bar soared, catching up to hers, and then overtaking it.
Cathy was getting desperate. She said to the screen, “Viewers, we haven’t got much time and we’re losing. I swear you can have whatever you ask for now. Quickly, get bidding.” 
Messages from Minnie’s fans started appearing on the screen of the live broadcast room.
Midnight Man: [You still think you can compete with us? Now you’re so far behind? You think too much of yourself.]
Guardian: [You think you can beat the Minnie Fan Club? You, who’s only been broadcasting live for a few hours, you think you can beat Minnie?]
Heavenly Wolf: [The Minnie Fan Club is invincible. We are united in our goal to help Minnie to win the prize and become the queen of live broadcasting.]
Minnie's Biggest Fan: [Everyone shouts our slogans, get ready, get up.]
A barrage of support messages for Minnie appeared on the screen.
[Minnie will eventually become the queen of the internet.]
[Minnie will eventually become the queen of the internet.]
[Minnie will eventually become the queen of the internet.]
Minnie, who was still singing, noticed the messages on the screen and was thrilled.
At first, she had held off, wanting to see how strong her opponent was. If the competition was too strong, then Minnie had planned to let her fans keep the presents until the next competition, when she knew that they could win the duel. That way, her profits would be maximized.
When she saw that Cathy was no match for her, she immediately sent a signal to her fans.
[Start sending in your gifts so we can win the 100 thousand dollars prize money.]
Glancing at Cathy, who was jumping and screaming, Minnie laughed happily. She started singing even more enthusiastically.
You can’t beat me, Cathy. The prize is mine, she thought.
The time was down to the last thirty seconds. By now, Minnie's progress bar was three times Cathy's. Minnie’s supporters were sure that she would win and started to relax.
Minnie continued to sing:
“A cool night for you across the sea
Turn into spring blossoms to protect me
Shallow years caressed your lover's sleeve
Pieces of crystal flow into the water.”
As Minnie sang, she looked and saw that Cathy was close to tears. Cathy had been tormented almost beyond her endurance, and she looked a complete mess, but she had received such a small reward in return. Minnie had so easily turned the situation around with just a few words. The prize money would soon be in her hands. She was feeling very pleased with herself right then, but in fact, she had no idea of what was about to happen.
Cathy felt her anger building as she listened to Minnie’s song, Cold. She believed that in some way the song was intentionally ridiculing her.
The seconds counted down:
10
9
8
Minnie was continuing to sing beautifully and her fans were already celebrating.
Cathy stood there looking like a drowned chicken. Her whole body was drenched, and she shivered and clenched her fists tightly. Her pure white teeth bit her lips as she glowered at Minnie. But she had lost. What could she do?
5
4
3
Cathy squeezed her eyes in pain as a line of tears rolled down her face.
Then, in the last few seconds, some messages appeared on the live broadcast screen.
[Adam Childs gifted ten Space-time Battleships and 5,000 Tiger Teeth Coins.] This was equivalent to two thousand five hundred dollars. 
A row of Space-time Battleship gifts appeared on the screen. Cathy's progress bar had almost caught up with Minnie's.
[An admirer gifted you 10 warship Space-time Battleships.] 
The viewer made his move again. After giving another ten gifts, Cathy's progress bar had overtaken Minnie's.
1
0
The “Dual time” was over.