Philip had completely closed the curtains. He really enjoyed the moment of anticipation when the room became dark and the woman that he was with didn’t yet know what was about to happen. It was always like this when he set his sights on a female tenant.
“Miss Bradley, Sue, I've done so much for you. You must have worked out why I’ve been so good to you?” he turned around. In the darkroom, his face was so malicious that it made Sue's heart tremble. It felt like he became a completely different person the moment he closed the curtains.
“What are you talking about, Mr. Gellor? Open the curtains, it's too dark in here, I don't like it.” She walked to the window and was about to open the curtains, but he grabbed her hand.
“Ahh,” She cried out in shock. She was terrified when she saw the sinister smile on his face. “What are you doing? Let go of me.”
Previously, she had thought of Philip as a generous, warm-hearted man who enjoyed helping others. Now, she realized that something was very wrong, but she was still trying to convince herself that she was mistaken.
“I've helped you so much, Sue. You must have realized that I really like you.” Looking at her pretty face in front of him, Philip became increasingly aroused. He said, “Satisfy me once now, and I’ll let you off the four months' rent. And you can stay here for as long as you need to.”
When Sue saw his lustful eyes, she finally realized the severity of her situation. “What are you saying? Let go of me,” she screamed. She tried to get away from him, but he was holding her tightly to him, and she couldn't get free no matter how hard she tried.
The evil light in his eyes grew. Holding both of her hands in one hand, he took a condom and the Viagra out of his pocket and waved them in front of her. He said, “Don't be afraid, I've come prepared. A couple of these Viagra and I guarantee that you will experience ecstasy like you’ve never felt before. And remember, I’m paying eight thousand to buy you for one night. It’s a great deal for you. You should be grateful.”
“Let me go. Let go!” Sue felt repulsed when she saw the condom and Viagra in his hands. She grew even more scared as she yelled, “Let go of me, you bastard. Let go!”
“You're so beautiful. Come on. We’ll start on the sofa.” Philip's mind was completely focused on what was about to happen. He pulled her toward the sofa.
“Bang, bang, bang.” Suddenly, there was an urgent knock on the door.
“What's wrong?” someone shouted from the other side of the door. “Miss Bradley?”
Philip was distracted by the noise. He was puzzled. He knew that the apartment next door was currently empty. Could it be that people passing by heard her screams?
Whoever it was, he knew that he had no choice but to stop what he was doing.
He let go of Sue.
“You bastard,” she yelled and kneed him in the groin.
“Aaargh.” Philip bent over in agony. He was sure that this feeling of being crushed like an egg was causing him much more pain than a woman giving birth to a child.
Sue opened the door and Alex stepped in.
“What’s happening?” he asked worriedly.
“Nothing—” Sue was too embarrassed to tell him what had just happened. After all, the root cause of the problem was that she hadn't paid her rent, and nothing had actually happened. She was worried that people would judge her if they heard that she had been sexually assaulted.
“Now get out,” she shouted at Philip, who was hobbling along, not even able to stand up straight. With difficulty, he left. But he wasn’t planning to give up.
Sue invited Alex to stay for a drink. She opened the curtains and sat beside him on the sofa.
“Thank you for what you did just now—” She was still a little afraid when she thought about what had nearly happened.
“Did that person touch you?” Alex asked.