Looks Can Be Deceiving!
Alex called the 
church and explained everything to the Father. After 
some 
time
the church people came to 
take away Georgina’s body. When he saw Nelly lying on Zora’s body, he couldn’t help pitying her and decided not to disturb her.
He went to 
Church 
for Georgina’s 
funeral 
with the four girls. 
The four girls became very emotional and sobbed uncontrollably.
When they returned to D. C., it was already dark.
He told them, "I'm going back to school now. Where are you going?"
Celeste replied anxiously, "Lord, don’t you want us to stay with you? We are the maidens who serve the 
Lord
. Wherever you go, we will go too."
Alex was startled and said, “I don't need you to serve me. In fact, I don't want to be the lord at all. This ring can only be worn by your lord. I'll take it off and give it to you now, then I won’t be your lord anymore."
Alex started
 to
 take off the turquoise ring that Georgina had given to him.
The four girls said in a hurry, "The lord is not allowed to remove the ring. Have you forgotten what you said in front of the old master? You promised that you would be the new Lord of the Moon and you can't be that without us."
The four girls were crying.
"Well, okay, I’ll do it,” Alex told them. He felt that he really had no choice. He continued, "But I’m a student and I live in a student dormitory. You can’t stay with me there. If I had enough money, I would reserve a few rooms for you at the hotel down the road, but unfortunately, I don't have more than a few dollars.”
Luna stopped crying and suddenly smiled. She said, "Lord, are you worried about money? You don't have to worry about money. We have plenty.”
"You have money? How much?" Alex asked in surprise.
Celeste said, "We didn't bring much money with us this time, but we still have more than five million. We can afford to buy several villas in the city. If the lord doesn’t have enough money, I will immediately contact the Moon Palace accountant and ask him to transfer millions of dollars to us."
Alex was surprised. He didn't expect four girls under twenty years old to have so much money. He thought
,
“
This Moon group is really mysterious. I should ask them more about it when I have time.
”
He said, "No, it's fine. I'll help you buy a villa near the university."
The four girls agreed in unison, "We will do as the lord says."
Alex then accompanied the four girls to a luxury gated community called "Emerald Hills" near Richmond University. They went straight to the sales department.
The people in the sales office were about to finish work for the day when they saw a poorly dressed boy arrive with four beautiful girls.
The sales team assumed that a poor person like Alex and a few girls under twenty years old couldn’t possibly afford to buy a house in Emerald Hills. Therefore, they had no interest in talking to them and all pretended that they hadn’t noticed them walking in.
The manager saw the four beautiful women arrive and rushed over to greet them. He ignored Alex entirely but said to the four girls with a smile, "Do you want to buy a house?"
Celeste replied, "Our lord is helping us buy a house. Please can you deal with him directly."
"Your lord?" the manager said with surprise. "You call this man your lord?"
He walked back over to Alex, and with a scornful smile, he said, "Young man, why are these four ladies calling you
,
 their lord?”
Alex had absorbed all of Georgina’s and Zora’s internal powers. The experience had changed him. He could hear the four girls moving slightly, and he stepped back and put his hand on Celeste's hand. All four of them froze.
Celeste said angrily, "How dare you tease our Lord?"
The manager didn't know how much trouble he was in. He said, "Ladies, this man is tricking you. I assume that he contacted you on the internet and chatted with you? He probably told you that he is a multimillionaire and can buy you a house, right? He’s lying to you. I assure you that it’s all a hoax. He’s just trying to get you into his bed.”
He looked at Alex and said with a sneer, "Sir, I’m right, aren’t I? I bet you brought these young ladies here to view a house that you told them you were going to buy for them. You tricked them into believing you so that they would go back to the hotel with you. Am I right? Now I’m going to call the police."
The manager took out his mobile phone, pressed 911
,
 and looked calmly at Alex.
"I'm just here to buy a house," Alex told him.
Several of the saleswomen heard him and giggled. They sat on their chairs and looked scornfully at Alex.
One said, "Does he think that it costs the same to buy a house as it does to buy vegetables? This is a high-class gated community, and the cheapest property is over a million dollars."
Another replied, "This loser is clearly trying to impress these girls by pretending to buy a house here. Does he really expect us to show him some properties and to spend time telling him about them?”
"Listen, sir. We’ve been working all day and we’re about to go home. Could you please leave and stop wasting our time?”
"Yes, we’ve finished for the day. Please go somewhere else to play your pranks."
If it hadn't been so close to the university, Alex would have left and looked for a property somewhere else. He glanced at an advertisement on the wall with the phone number of the general manager, and then took out his cell phone and called the number.
"Hello, Mr. Hutchings. I am a potential customer who is interested in buying an expensive property in your community. The staff in your sales department have behaved very unprofessionally toward me."
The manager and several saleswomen rushed over to Alex and grabbed his cell phone. The manager said into the phone, "No, Mr. Hutchings, please don’t believe this young man. 
He‘
s here to cause trouble."
One of the saleswomen grabbed the phone and said, "He can't afford to buy a house here, he's just pretending that he can to impress some girls."
Alex recovered his cell phone and said, "I promise that I’m not here to make trouble. Please listen to me and you can be the judge of my intentions."
Alex took out a bank card, which Celeste had given him, and handed it to the manager. He told him, "I want to buy the five-million-dollar villa that you have advertised in the window. I’m willing to pay the full amount."
The manager was startled but took a few deep breaths to calm himself. He took back the phone and said, "Mr. Hutchings, did you hear what he just said? You can't see him on the other end of the phone, but I assure you that he is poor. I’m sure that this card won’t have much money on it."
The saleswomen agreed.
One said, "Yes, I would be surprised if there’s even a few thousand on the card."
Another agreed, "Yes, it’s obvious that he has no money. He’s just trying to impress these girls."
A third said, "If the card doesn’t have five million available, we’ll call the police and get them to arrest him for abducting these girls and for fraud. He should go to jail for a few months for that.”
Alex said, "I'm not here to make any trouble. If you swipe the card, you can see for yourself."
"Okay, I'll swipe the card. Let’s see if you have five million dollars 
on 
your card," the manager agreed, sneering. He went to the desk and swiped Alex’s card 
into
 a machine. It really did have over five million available.
The manager froze when he saw the information displayed on the screen. He couldn’t believe what he saw.
The 
saleswoman
 saw him standing staring at the computer screen and became impatient to know what he was looking at.
"Mr. Beckett, what’s happening? Is there any money on the card?" one of them asked.
Another said, "I'll call the police now and get them to come and arrest this man."
Mr. Beckett finally recovered. He turned to the 
sales staff
, and snapped angrily, "How could you treat this young man so rudely? Do you want me to fire you all?"
Then he handed the card back to Alex and said solemnly, "Sir, I'm so sorry. I was wrong earlier. I apologize to you, please forgive me."
The saleswomen were shocked. Mr. Beckett implied that the loser had paid the full amount of five million dollars for the villa. How could that be possible?
Alex said to Mr. Beckett, "If you have any excuses for your behavior, you'd better explain them to your manager." Then he handed his cell phone to him.
Mr. 
Hutchings’s
 voice could be heard on the other end of the line saying, "What’s happening? Has the young man paid full price for the villa?"
Mr. Beckett replied quietly, "Yes, sir.”
Mr. Hutchings scolded him, "You're useless at your job. How dare you treat a customer in this way. You’re all fired!"
Mr. Beckett said anxiously, "Mr. Hutchings, please give me another chance. I promise nothing like this will ever happen again. Please forgive me this time."
The saleswomen were also desperate not to lose their jobs.
"Mr. Hutchings, please let me stay," said one.
"Mr. Hutchings, I was wrong. It will never happen again," cried another.
Mr. Hutchings yelled down the phone angrily, "You are a group of incompetent losers. Why are you apologizing to me? You should be apologizing to the young gentleman.”
Mr. Beckett and the sales
 staff
 immediately gathered around Alex and started apologizing.
"Sir, I was wrong. I should never have spoken to you so rudely. And I shouldn't have assumed that you don’t have any money,” one girl said to him.
"I was also wrong. I know that you didn't cheat 
on 
these four girls. Of course, someone like you deserves to be with four beautiful girls,” pleaded another.
"Please forgive us,” begged another.
Alex said into the cell phone, "Mr. Hutchings, I want to be able to move into the villa immediately. I’m appalled at the way I’ve been treated by your sales team and I’m concerned that they will probably treat other customers in this way."
Mr. Hutchings agreed, "Yes, of course. I will send someone to organize your purchase immediately. And you can rest assured everyone in that office will be fired."
Alex ended the call. Immediately, Mr. Beckett’s phone rang. His hand was shaking as he answered it. Mr. Hutchings's roaring voice could be heard coming down the line.
He said, "I've made up my mind. You and those 
salespeople
are all fired." He ended the call.
Mr. Beckett and the sales
 staff
 felt crushed. Their salaries were excellent and it would be very hard to find such a good job anywhere else. They had lost everything.
They started to complain to each other, blaming Mr. Beckett and each other.
One said, "It was you who accused him of tricking the girls first. As our manager, we listen to your opinions about the customers. You should take responsibility for this; you can’t blame us. You should be a man and admit it’s all your fault."
"What are you talking about? Haven’t you got a brain of your own? You wanted to call the police. Imagine the trouble we’d be in now if we’d called the police to arrest him”
, said Mr. Beckett.
"It's her fault! She was the one who said he was a fraud first!"