“What happened?” Julian asked as he watched Chris put away his phone. Julian’s father and mother also looked at Chris. 
“Saul killed my men,” Chris said gloomily. He wanted to kill Saul for threatening him on the phone like that.  
Julian’s family were shocked at the news. Julian cried out in panic, “Didn’t you send six people to kill Saul? Didn’t you threaten him with his girlfriend? How could they have been killed? What else did he say?” 
“Shut up!” Chris stared at him. He had already been in a bad mood and didn’t need Julian adding to it.
Julian stopped talking as he realized that he had upset Chris. He tried to flatter him. “Sorry, I’m being too talkative. But there are thousands of ways to deal with him. When he falls into our hands, he’ll know he’s as good as gone.” 
Chris didn’t listen to him. 
Saul had said on the phone that he was going to make Chris pay. He had said some nonsense about his family, and his money. He was angling to find the way to hurt Chris the most.
The idea of Saul creeping upon him to get revenge made Chris clench his fists tightly in anger. 
**
When Chelsea Wood obtained the fingerprints that were on the pistol from Julian’s villa, she found the results were just as Alex had said they would be. 
They had found Alex, Julian, and Saul’s fingerprints on the gun’s body. Bu, only Julian and Saul had left fingerprints on the trigger. This showed that Alex had not shot Julian.
But according to Alex’s previous confession, he had coerced Saul to shoot Julian, so he had still broken the law. 
Chelsea sympathized with Alexy33wsdx and was angry at Julian and Chris for their arrogance and horrible behaviour. But whatever her personal feelings, her responsibility was to uphold the law. 
She returned to her office deep in thought. 
“Ma’am, we’ve received a phone call from Saul. He’s at Suite 903 Middle Street,” reported a police officer. 
Her spirits rose after hearing this news. “Saul called the police?”
“Yes, we were surprised to hear the police report,” the officer said, “Saul only said that he was in Suite 903 Middle Street, and then he hung up. Officer Wood, what do you make of it?” 
I don’t know!
 she thought. But she looked at the officer and said, “Let’s go now!” 
“Yes,” replied the officer and followed her toward the hall. 
Chelsea took four officers with her and got in the police car. They drove to Saul’s location on Middle Street.
When they arrived at Suite 903, Chelsea still had lots of doubts about Saul’s phone call. She wondered what kind of tricks he might be up to.
They moved slowly toward the door and communicated with each other using gestures. 
Dwight took the initiative to go to the door first. The first officer to enter a room was responsible for reporting the situation to the rest of the team. It was a very risky role, especially if the suspects were still inside. He wanted to be the first person to rush in after kicking the door open. 
Chelsea raised her right hand to stop him and gave him a stern look. She was the team’s leader, so she should do the most dangerous task. She took her responsibility seriously, especially at critical moments like this. 
She quietly walked toward the door and used her fingers to count down from three. As soon as the countdown was over, she kicked in the door. 
She raised her gun and scanned the room. When she signalled, the other police officers rushed in. 
She quickly found Saul. “Don’t move!” she shouted. The other officers pointed their guns at him. 
But they soon discovered that they didn’t need to be nervous. 
Saul had not played any tricks or lied on the phone. He sat silently on the ground, holding a dead woman in his arms. 
The scene in the room shocked the officers. Five or six dead people were lying on the ground in big pools of blood. The room smelled of blood, which made one of the officers nauseous.
“Here you are at last,” Saul said as he slowly turned his eyes toward Chelsea. He acted like a robot, without a trace of emotion. He had been feeling blank and empty since his girlfriend’s death. 
“You killed all these people?” Chelsea asked. 
“Yes, I killed them all,” Saul said calmly.
He continued, “I turn myself in. I also take responsibility for the shooting at Julian’s house a few hours ago. Chris Steadman hired me to kill two university security guards, but I failed. They were furious with me. I was so angry that I shot Julian. Chris sent these people to kill me, and they also killed my girlfriend, Danielle.”
Saul had no problem confessing the whole story to the police. 
He didn’t care what happened to him next. All he cared about now was getting revenge on Chris and Julian for the death of his girlfriend. He knew they would face dire consequences when the police found out they had been paying a killer to take care of their problems. 
Chelsea and the other officers were surprised that Saul had admitted to his crime so readily, not to mention named Chris and Julian as his employers. 
“Over the past three years, Chris has hired me to kill a number of people. I can tell you when, where, and why everyone was killed,” Saul said. 
Chelsea and the other police officers were all confused. They hadn’t expected that Chris, a member of the Steadman family in Baltimore, had been so personally involved in such dark business. Chelsea realized that Saul had deliberately brought them here to expose Chris. 
“At Julian’s house, did the security guard named Alex intimidate you into shooting Julian?” Chelsea asked. 
“No, it was not because of him. I shot Julian for my own reasons,” Saul said.
This wasn’t true. Alex had indeed told Saul to shoot Julian. But at that moment, Saul felt that the enemy of his enemy must be his friend. If Chris and Julian hated Alex so much, then Saul wanted to protect him.
Chelsea nodded slowly, absorbing this new information.
“Take him away,” Chelsea said to the officers behind her.
Two officers walked toward Saul while another pair of officers pointed their guns at him. Saul was handcuffed and pulled up to his feet. But suddenly, his eyes rolled back, and he fainted. 
He had been shot five times. 
Chelsea knelt quickly to check if he was still breathing. 
“We have time!” She called out. “We need to get him to a hospital right away!”
They called an ambulance. When it arrived, Chelsea had sent two police officers to follow Saul to the hospital. Chelsea and the remaining officers returned to the police station.
Chelsea asked two police officers from the team to report to Captain Murphy. She went to the detention room where Alex was still waiting. 
When she arrived, Alex was lying on a small bed. All he could think about was how worried Debbie would be if she didn't see him at the university in the morning.
What should I do?
 he thought.
Alex sat up when he heard the iron bars slide open. 
“You’re quite calm,” she said as she looked at him.
“I don’t think it’s any use to try and sleep. This bed is okay, but it’s a little hard,” he said faintly. “Officer Wood, what can I do for you?” 
“You can leave now,” she said.
“Really?” He was overjoyed, but he couldn’t figure out why she would let him go after such a short time. 
“We’ve caught Saul. He admitted that you have nothing to do with the shooting, so you can go,” she said. Chelsea told him that Saul had admitted that the shooting had been entirely from his actions. Alex’s involvement had been cleared. 
“So, I can go now?” He realised he was free and started to walk to the door. 
It had been dark in the room, so when he walked to the front, the lights in the corridor shone on his face, and Chelsea was able to see him for the first time. 
She saw that he had thin lips, a firm nose, and two eyes as dark as night. His face had a calm and gentle expression. He looked tall and stood up straight in his grey security suit.
She thought back to earlier that day, when they had stumbled awkwardly in the interrogation room and accidentally kissed.  Her eyes flickered slightly, and her face flushed pink. 
Alex gulped. He was thinking about that strange, accidental kiss as well. He said, “Sorry about before.” 
“You should go now,” she said as she stared at him.
He had no choice but to leave. She followed behind him and felt bitterness in her heart as she looked at his back. 
You took my first kiss. How can you make it up to me?
 Her face burned even more. She shook her head as if trying to make the memory of their kiss fly out of her mind. 
**
Captain Finn Murphy was very happy to hear that Saul had been caught. He was relieved that he had managed to complete the task Chris Steadman had given him so quickly. 
“You can go now,” Finn told his officers. He wanted to call Chris to report the good news.
As the two officers made their way out the door, Finn spotted Chelsea walking out with a young man. The young man appeared to be Alex, who Chris had just warned him to watch out for. He had even sent a picture so Finn would know him on sight. 
What’s going on?
 he thought.
Finn quickly called out to them. “Stop!”
He sprung from his desk and walked out of the office.