When they saw how easily Damon killed Paul, Art and Chris were stunned. They had never heard of anyone with so much skill and power.
Damon slowly turned around and walked over to them. 
Art, Chris, and the two men who had led them to Paul were terrified of him. They took a step back and one of the men tripped over. 
Damon walked up to Art and said, "I want you to tell everyone that you saw me kill Paul. I want the news to spread right through the world of martial arts and to get back to all the east coast gangs." 
He wanted all the martial arts gangs whose ancestors had participated in the massacre of Hu Juli’s people to be afraid of him. 
When the Blood Brothers gang returned to the east coast for good, that would be the day that they finally settled their blood feud. 
"Yes, of course I will," Art said. 
Although he was a powerful man, he had just witnessed a display of strength beyond his wildest imagination from Damon. He looked at the fighter with fear and respect. 
Damon saw everyone looking at him with absolute awe. He smiled to himself and hummed. To him, these people and their opinions meant nothing. 
To him, wealth and social status were meaningless compared to the power that his martial arts abilities gave him. 
Now he just wanted to go back to the camp to clear his head. 
To him, the fight had been a little boring. Paul had not caused him any difficulties at all. For him, the only pleasure was that as a result of the fight, people in the east coast martial arts gangs would hear of his prowess and fear him. 
Art and Chris walked with Damon out of the camp gate, climbed into the Mercedes Benz, and returned to the city centre.
Along the way, Art's tension and fear gradually abated, and he became relaxed and even cheerful.
That morning, he had been consumed with worry that if they couldn’t find a fighter who could compete with Paul Novak, they could easily lose the war with the Cliftons.
But already Damon had killed Paul, the most powerful warrior on the side of the Clifton family. That meant that the Steadman family would certainly win the fight in two days. He felt as if a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders. 
He paid for the most luxurious room for Damon at the Capital Hotel and sent six bodyguards with him to ensure his safety. 
As Art drove away from the hotel, he sang quietly to himself. 
His fingers gently tapped to the beat. He didn't realize that he was in such a good mood until Chris said, "Dad, I haven't seen you so happy for a long time." 
Chris smiled and continued, "Now that Paul is dead, it will be obvious to the Cliftons that we will win the fight. I wonder if they’ll try to bargain with us now.”
Art shook his head slowly and said, "No. Based on what I know about Jessop Clifton, he would rather die in the fight than surrender to us. He’s both stubborn and proud."
"Now that Paul’s dead, who will the Cliftons send to fight with us?" Chris asked curiously. 
"Whoever they send will lose. It makes no difference to us who it is," Art said dismissively. Then he added, "Chris, when you get back to Baltimore, you must spread the news that Damon defeated Paul Novak, just as he requested." 
"As soon as that news is released, everyone in Baltimore will know that the Steadmans are the victors in this war," Art continued. 
**
That night, Chris spent many hours on the Internet, telephone, and social media spreading the news of Paul’s death at the hands of Damon. He informed everyone that mattered in Baltimore, all of whom were interested to know the outcome of the war between the two families. 
Everyone who heard the news was surprised. The Cliftons had been the most powerful family in the city for many years and yet their best warrior had been killed a few days before the battle by the Steadman’s fighter. 
Those who had previously been unsure about which side to support suddenly felt that the decision had been made for them. If Paul Novak, the most powerful fighter for the Clifton family, was dead, the victory was guaranteed to the Steadmans. 
The top business families and entrepreneurs in Baltimore were concerned about who would be running the city’s underground world in the future. 
**
But for the east coast martial arts gangs, the focus was different. 
Paul Novak, one of their most infamous fighters, had been killed by the west coast Blood Brothers gang, which had a blood feud with the east coast gangs. This news was explosive. 
Over the last hundred years, the Blood Brothers had almost completely disappeared from the east coast. The news that their fighter had killed Paul Novak had put them back on the radar. 
People in the east coast martial arts gangs started speculating on how strong the Blood Brothers had become. In addition to being employed by the Steadman family, did the gang have any other plans to expand their strength on the east coast? They were all worried and continued to quietly watch what was happening. Many of them wondered at what point they would have to get involved. 
**
In the Clifton family mansion, Jessop whispered the name "Damon" under his breath and looked at the information in his hand. The old man's eyes contained deep sorrow. 
An hour previously, the Clifton family had received the news that Paul had been killed. Jessop had been shocked to the core. According to people who ran the No Surrender martial arts camp, Paul had been unable to fight back and had not posed any threat to Damon. 
If Paul had been beaten so easily by Damon, would Alex stand any chance at all? 
Jessop's family all became very flustered when they heard the news. They were like frightened animals in the living room, pestering him with their questions and doubts. 
"What can we do?" asked one.
"Our trump card has been taken out before the battle even started. Are we really going to lose to that bullshit Steadman family?" said another angrily. 
"We knew that they would contact the Blood Brothers sect but we didn’t do anything about it. Why didn't we prepare sooner?" said another. 
"Get out of here," Jessop finally exclaimed. He looked at his family and thought, 
My sons, are useless. They’re not helping, they’re only annoying me with their presence.
His sons were quiet when they saw how angry their father was with them and they all left the room quickly. 
Only Rufus remained in the living room with Jessop. 
"When you speak with Alex, tell him what Damon has done and remind him to be careful," Jessop told him. 
"Yes," he replied. He felt saddened when he looked at his father's worried face. For the first time, he realized that his family might lose. Rufus dialled Alex's phone. 
**
At that moment, Alex was standing outside the residential building at the university. He was hungry and wanted to get something to eat in the canteen. 
Two beautiful girls approached him holding containers of carry-out food. It was Callisto and Luna. 
"Mr. Alex, we bought Chinese takeout for you. No need to go to the canteen, there are too many people queuing in there. We’ll take it in turns to bring you food," Callisto said. They had been watching Alex standing guard every day and wanted to do something to help him. 
"You’re so kind to me," he said as he smiled at them. The canteen had a special dining area for employees so he wouldn’t have had to queue, but he didn’t tell the girls that. They had been so kind to think about him. 
The smell of the food was making his mouth water. 
At that moment, his phone rang. Alex saw that it was Rufus calling and answered the call. 
"Alex, we’ve found out who is fighting for the Steadman family. His name is Damon, and he is an apprentice of Lee Harshaw, the leader of the Blood Brothers sect in California. Just over an hour ago, he killed Paul without breaking sweat. Later, I’ll give you all the information I have on him," Rufus said. 
"Okay." Alex was shocked when he heard that Paul had been killed. He realized that his opponent was even stronger than he thought, and he was worried.
" I'll pick you up at Johns Hopkins the day after tomorrow. Try not to worry too much, we have faith in you. Just try your best," Rufus said, but Alex could hear the concern in his voice, and he guessed that although Rufus wouldn’t admit it, he predicted that Alex was going to lose the fight.
"I will," Alex replied. After a few more reassuring words, Rufus ended the call. 
Callisto and Luna could sense that something was bothering him, and Luna asked anxiously, "Mr. Alex, is something wrong?" 
"The day after tomorrow, I will fight for the Clifton family. Please take good care of Debbie for me that day. She mustn’t know what’s happening," Alex said. 
"Mr. Alex, who dares to challenge you in a fight? We should go and kill him first," Callisto asked angrily. 
"I’ve promised the Clifton family that I’ll fight for them and I’m afraid that you can't go in my place. But I promise you that the person who can beat me has not yet been born. I’ll end the fight as quickly as possible, and then I’ll return," Alex said with fake confidence. He didn't want the girls to worry about him.
When he said this, the girls laughed. 
"That's right. Of course that man won’t beat you. If he dares to fight with Mr. Alex, he’s a fool," said Callisto.
Luna agreed, "My guess is that Mr. Alex can make that man kneel down and beg for mercy within three moves." 
They both felt absolute confidence that Alex would win. 
"Well, as you two said, I have no doubt that I will win," Alex assured them. Then he added, "But you can't let Debbie know about this, do you understand?" 
When the two girls nodded, Alex felt relieved. He said, "Come on, follow me to the rest room. I'll eat my meal, and you two can have a rest." 
**
The following two days passed quickly, and the day of the flight arrived.
Everyone involved in business or the underworld in Baltimore had been obsessed with the battle between the two families and squabbling amongst themselves about who would win. When they learned that Paul, the most powerful warrior of the Clifton family, had already been killed by the Steadman family’s fighter, they felt that the matter had already been resolved. In their hearts, they did not doubt that the Steadman family had won.
On the day of the fight, people started arriving at the underground boxing club, the venue of the fight. 
They all felt that they already knew who would win so there was no sense of excitement in the crowd. They were only there to show their loyalty and to flatter the Steadman family, the future overlords of Baltimore.