As Alex slept, the Cliftons ordered a takeover of all the hotels, restaurants, casinos, and bars in Baltimore.
In just over two hours, every Steadman business in the city was under the control of the Clifton family.
The reports started dribbling in.
“Sir, Leonard Hotel was taken over by the Clifton family, and the manager was severely beaten.”
“Mr. Steadman, the casino on the east side has been taken over.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Steadman, but the Cliftons made me an offer I couldn’t refuse. There’s nothing I can do. I’ll be forced to do business with them. Please understand.”
Many of Art Steadman’s people had surrendered to the Clifton family, and Art felt like a king who had lost his country.
He sat quietly, looking lonely, sad, and desperate.
Chris watched his father, not daring to approach him.
The phone rang again, and Art checked the caller ID. It was Tyson from the Blood Brothers gang.
Art scowled. Tyson had sworn that he was sending people who were invincible within the martial arts world.
What a joke.
Art wanted to answer the phone and give Tyson a piece of his mind, but he knew he couldn’t afford to make any more enemies. He had dealt with the Blood Brothers gang for many years, and he knew what would happen if he insulted them.
If he dared to curse at Tyson, then men would be sent out to deal with Art. Permanently.
The Blood Brothers were ruthless. An American congressman had been killed on his way to work after he had submitted a proposal about demolishing the gang’s headquarters.
So far, the police hadn’t found any evidence that the Blood Brothers had been responsible, but everyone knew they were.
“Hello, Mr. Slade,” Art said, suppressing his anger and keeping his tone respectful.
“Mr. Steadman, I’m sure the fighting has been finished for a while now,” Tyson said. “Have you been so busy controlling the Baltimore underworld that you forgot to call me?” He was annoyed that Art hadn’t been in touch with an update.
In California, it was three o’clock in the afternoon. Tyson had finished practising his martial arts and wanted to check on the situation in Baltimore. Now that Damon had finished up there, he would be on his way home. Once he was back, he could focus on the gang’s issues on their turf. 
“No,” Art said. After a pause, he told Tyson what had happened. “I’m afraid that things didn’t go according to plan. In fact, not only did Damon lose, but he’s now dead.”
“What?” Tyson bellowed. He couldn’t believe Damon had lost the match, let alone died in the fight. He was one of their most promising young members. Tyson felt the loss keenly. 
“Who defeated him?” he asked. Only a few fighters were experienced enough to have defeated Damon, and he wouldn’t have expected any of them to be fighting in Baltimore.
“A twenty-year-old man,” Art said. “A security guard at Johns Hopkins University.”
“Someone that young?” Tyson asked, surprised. He hadn’t heard of anyone that age who could match Damon’s skill. “I never saw that coming. A twenty-year-old man strong enough to have killed Damon! I really want to meet this guy.”
“He didn’t kill Damon,” Art said. “After his leg was broken, Damon felt he would never regain his martial arts skills, so he killed himself.”
“That sounds like Damon,” Tyson said. “He knew there was no coming back, and if he couldn’t work for the Blood Brothers, his life was over.” Tyson sighed. “Mr. Steadman, when my men arrive, I’ll bring them back to help you regain the Baltimore underworld. I give you my word. This is not the end.”
“When can I expect you?” Art asked, feeling a glimmer of hope. “I’m looking forward to meeting you.” If the Blood Brothers came back quickly, Art could regain all his territory in no time.
“I’ll start making plans right away,” Tyson assured him. “And I also need to find the man who defeated Damon and deal with him.”
“If you need any help, please let me know,” Art said, and then he hung up the phone.
**
Tyson walked into one of his private rooms, which had a large screen on the wall. He set up a video call with Lee Harshaw.
Lee didn’t usually live with the gang. Instead, he had a place in California with dense woods, which was close to the lake. There, he devoted himself to studying martial arts.
Soon, Lee’s face appeared on the screen. He was sitting by the lake, and he was shirtless, his muscles on display.
“Tyson,” Lee said. “Can I help you with something?”
“Lee, I have bad news,” Tyson said. “You should prepare yourself.” He stopped for a moment and then continued. “Damon lost his fight in Baltimore, and he was too ashamed to face us, so he committed suicide.”
Lee was stunned. Damon had been with him since he was a baby. Lee had practically raised him, and he regarded Damon as his flesh and blood. And now Damon was dead.
Lee couldn’t believe it.
“Lee, are you okay?” Tyson asked. When Lee remained silent, Tyson felt he needed to say something. “Damon didn’t want to lose face, so he decided to go out on his own terms. You should be proud.” 
Lee closed his eyes, and two tears slid down his cheeks. He couldn’t see the point of being proud when Damon was gone forever.
He opened his eyes. “Who did he fight with?” he asked, his tone icy.
“A university security guard,” Tyson said. “I’ll have more information soon.”
“Thank you,” Lee said. “He killed my beloved apprentice, and I need him to pay for that!” He was determined to avenge Damon.
“This security guard is now our number one enemy,” Tyson assured him. “He defeated Damon, so who knows what he’ll do in the future? We can’t allow him to grow any stronger or he might get in our way.”
Tyson was determined to deal with this threat. Otherwise, the security guard could disrupt all their plans.
“I’ll kill this guard with one stroke!” Lee exclaimed. He 
hated
 this man who had killed Damon, and he wanted him gone. Now. 
“No!” Tyson said. At Lee’s puzzled look, he went on to explain. “We have to be smart about this. If we break the rules to take our revenge, we will be ostracized from the martial arts world. We’ll be a joke!”
“So I can’t avenge my apprentice?” Lee asked in a choked voice.
“Of course you can,” Tyson said. “The security guard must die to prevent him from causing us trouble. But first, we need to deal with the problem in Baltimore, and then we can make a plan to deal with this guard.”
“Yes,” Lee agreed. “I’m sure we can find an excuse to fight him.”
“Practice your own martial arts,” Tyson told him. “In a few days, you can go and get your revenge. But you shouldn’t underestimate this man. Damon was defeated because he was careless, so don’t make the same mistake.”
“I’ll wait for your message,” Lee said. He would bide his time for now, but then the security guard would die.