It seemed that there was nothing in the world of medicine that could fight the power of Tyson’s internal force freezing Debbie to death.
A group of doctors approached Jessop with melancholy expressions. The leader of their group stepped forward to speak.
“She seems to be in a better state today,” he said hesitantly, “but we don’t think this is good news. Patients often improve right before the end. This could be it.”
Jessop felt as if his heart would break. 
But he pulled himself together to bravely say, “You have all worked so hard. Thank you.” 
He shook the leader’s hand.
But at that moment, Alex burst into the hospital wing, followed closely by Rufus. They rushed wordlessly past Jessop in to see Debbie.
She looked terrible, thin and haggard. She was so pale it was as if frost was collecting on her skin. Her eyes were still lovely, but they had lost their sparkle.
She lay listlessly on the bed with her eyes open. But she didn’t seem to hear Alex or recognize his voice. She stared ahead as if stuck in a trance.
Tears poured down Alex’s face. If he had known how much Debbie was suffering in his absence, he never would have disappeared to continue his martial arts training.
“Debbie? Debbie, can you hear me?” He took her hand in his, wincing at how cold her fingers felt.
Jessop had followed them into the room, and stood to the side. “Debbie,” he called softly, “look who’s here! Don’t you recognize him?”
Alex felt as if he was being stabbed in the heart. But Jessop’s voice seemed to get through to Debbie. She turned her head slowly. When she saw Alex’s face, she began to turn away.
“I don’t want you to see me like this,” she murmured. “Please, please leave.”
Jessop was shocked that this was the first thing it occurred to her to say.
“Please don’t be like that, Debbie,” Alex begged her. “
Of course
 I want to see you. No matter what, you’re the most beautiful woman alive.”
Debbie began shivering fitfully. Tears flowed down her face.
“I’m so happy I met you,” she said softly. “But I can’t hold on anymore. I think I would be gone by now if I didn’t love you so much, if I hadn’t been so desperate to see you one more time.”
“It’s my fault,” Alex said fiercely. “I brought this on you. I should have protected you!” He wrapped her in his arms and cried like a child. 
Jessop watched the pair helplessly, overwhelmed by their grief.
Debbie shook her head. “I don’t blame you. It’s not your fault.”
That made Alex cry even harder. He thought of everything they had been through, everything they had overcome to be together. He couldn’t believe he was about to lose her.
Nurses gathered shyly by the door, struck by the sight of such a handsome man crying at his beloved’s bedside. Alex realized he didn’t care how many people saw him cry. He wondered if he would ever stop.
Jessop and the nurses all exchanged looks with one another. They had all heard what the doctors had said. These might be Debbie’s last moments alive. If she really was holding out in order to see Alex one more time, she might not last much longer.
Suddenly, Alex’s calm voice cut through the room as he said, “Tell them I will fight with Tyson in three days.”
Jessop gaped at him in disbelief.
“You all can go,” Alex continued in an emotionless voice.
“Sir, we can’t leave the patient. We need to keep monitoring her,” a nurse told him gently, even as her heart broke for their situation.
“Get out of here!” Alex’s tone was still flat, but the force in his voice pushed them all to back away slowly. With bowed heads, they retreated.
Now that they were alone, Alex finally felt like he could concentrate. He scoured his mind, reviewing everything he had learned, to find something to help Debbie. He cast his thoughts back to the wall of the cave near the Moon Palace.
After a few tense moments, Alex reached out and touched her forehead.
An air as warm and sweet as new sunlight in spring flushed through Debbie’s body, chasing away the cold.
She gasped incredulously at the sudden rush of warmth. “Oh, Alex! I’m in such a state. You’ll never like me again,” she said with tears in her eyes.
Alex smiled at her through his own tears. “You’re being silly. I’ll always love you.”
His feelings of regret and self-blame began to recede. He had felt horribly irresponsible and careless for leaving Debbie vulnerable to attack. But maybe it had been worth it to learn this new knowledge so he could use it to protect her from attack. Maybe it had all worked out exactly the way it was supposed to.
Debbie’s eyes went a little hazy, and she said nonsensically, “You look different. How did you become more handsome? You were already so handsome before.”
It made no difference to her, of course. Even if he had returned to her in the ugliest state, she would still be happy to be in his arms.
Alex laughed a little. “You look more beautiful too. And you will look even better once you have had a chance to rest and recover.”
He was sweating a little from the effort of warming her with his internal power. Although his new powers were strong, they were still new. As he had realized before, it would take a long time to fully master his abilities.
Debbie smiled, but it turned into a wince. Although the warmth Alex leant her was a welcome relief, the icy freeze of Tyson’s internal power still warred within her, giving her alternating hot and cold flashes. “I can die happy, seeing you here with me.”
“You’re not dying,” said Alex, clenching his teeth. He could also feel Tyson’s power fighting against his own, and shivered as a wave of cold hit him. “You’re going to live with me for a long time.”
But Debbie watched with alarm as Alex’s face turned pale. His lips began to turn blue. He was trying to take on more of Tyson’s power, but that meant accepting more of the damage in his own body as well.
“Alex? Alex, let go,” Debbie begged him. She hated to see him suffer the way she had before. She tried to push his hand away, but it was clenched tight, almost frozen in position. She struggled as hard as she could, but nothing seemed to help.