ìIs it?î Alex was indifferent. Instead, he jumped back into the water. As soon as he let go, the mirage of the dragon seemed to soar into the sky. Feeling that everything was under control, Alex calmed down and stepped back into the boat. He said coldly, ìThis war is not over. How dare you hurt Debbie?î. Tyson's expression changed to one of fear.

Nellie was surprised at his words, but she quickly realized that really,
this was how Alex had always been. ìIt's Alexî, she said, ìand Debbie is
always his priorityî. The other girls were secretly jealous of Debbie for having someone like Alex to protect her and even be willing to die for her. 

Everyone looked at the two men who were fighting in the Hudson
river and didn't know what to think. The situation seemed to have become more serious, and it appeared that Alex had won. The spectators started trying to placate him. ìI never knew that you could fight so well. How did someone like you learn to fight like that?î asked Tyson. ìI shouldn't have touched Debbie. I see that nowî.

As Alex swiped his sword through the air in front of Tyson, he saw that his opponent was completely exhausted. His face was as gray as ash. On the shore, one of the blood brothers, Jack, stepped forward. ìRunî, he shouted.

Tyson was defeated and humiliated. He thought, ìI'm the boss of one of the most feared gangs in the world. But now it's all over. I can never show my face againî.

Using the last of his strength, Tyson quickly retreated. Although he was weak, his speed was still impressive. As he bounded up the side of the cliff, there was a shout from behind him. ìWhere will he run to?î Alex asked mockingly. He shot out like a cannonball, blocking Tyson's escape. Without saying a word, Tyson tried to punch him in the face. Alex didn't try to dodge away from his fist, but grabbed it easily and twisted it around. 

ìNoî, Tyson shouted as his will to survive took over. He pulled desperately at his arm as if trying to separate it from his body, giving him a chance to escape. But Alex saw what he was trying to do and struck his foot hard into Tyson's face as blood gushed from his nose. Tyson was finally beaten. He lost his grip on the rocks and fell into the choppy water below.

Alex watched him struggling in the waves for a moment and then grimaced as his opponent was swept away by the water. His battered, limp body was slowly carried away by the river. Everyone who had been watching the fight was aghast.

ìIs Tyson dead?î, one man asked. ìHe can't beî, replied his friend. ìYeah, he's deadî, confirmed a gang member, as he looked down over the cliff and nodded solemnly. Everyone turned and stared at Alex, who had climbed back up the cliff and stood in front of them. He had beaten Tyson in a fair fight and had earned their respect. They were all feeling overwhelmed by the enthralling battle they had witnessed, and no one wanted to break the spell. 
As Alex approached them, the people bowed their heads to him. The other members of the blood brothers slipped away quietly. Jack was distraught about their defeat, but he didn't dare to draw tension to himself. He knew that Alex could kill him as easily as killing an ant. Of course, he was right. Alex could quite happily kill every single member of the blood brothers that he could find. The reporters were also in awe of Alex's power, and none of them dared to approach him.

Lindsay called out, ìAlexî. Alex looked around and saw her standing a small distance away from Rose and Kelly. He smiled at her as the onlookers gazed at him with reverence. Alex let the intimidating aura he had conjured around himself fall away, and suddenly he seemed like a normal young man again. He didn't want to prolong the strange atmosphere still hovering around the area.

ìWhat are you doing here?î, Alex asked Lindsay with a big smile. ìWe came to see youî, she replied excitedly. She didn't know what else to say. Alex chatted with his three old friends, but he didn't notice that his cousin Nellie was also there or that she had tried to help him during the
fight. 

ìGroupies, they're all such hypocritesî, Nellie hissed, unable to contain her jealousy. No one who knew her from her old life at the food stand could have predicted how envious and vindicative she would become over time.

ìI would give my life for you, Alexî, Nellie whispered under her breath. She pulled her hat down to cover her face. She had no intention of letting Alex see her there. She thought, ìThe advantage of keeping my love for Alex a secret is that no matter how much my heart is breaking, I can hide it and keep all my feelings to myselfî.

Alex felt that everyone was overreacting a little in their adoration of him. For him, the only thing that mattered was that he had finally avenged Debbie. He walked away slowly from the scene, leaving the crowd chattering excitedly amongst themselves. They still couldn't believe that Tyson was dead. The news of Tyson's death spread rapidly throughout the
underworld and rival gangs.

Fortunately, for the blood brothers, Jack quickly returned to their headquarters and took over the reins. He was able to prevent the gang from losing too much of their business or their reputation, but they
stood over what had happened, and in their hearts they knew that there was only one person to blame, Alex. 

Back in Baltimore, Art was sitting alone at home, as he often did since Chris's death. A subordinate of the Stedman family plucked up his courage and tentatively asked him, ìSir, what's our family going to do now?î 

ìDo you really need to ask?î, Art hissed. ìEven if we suspect that Chris was killed by the Clifton family, there's nothing we can do about itî. 

ìWhy?î, the puzzled subordinate asked. ìFoolî, Art shouted, ìwe can't fight everyone in this world. If we avenge Chris, our whole family will have to fight, and none of us will surviveî.