Yesterday, Rose Scott had thought that her problems were solved because of Zane Harrison’s help. And Rose had said that it was due to Mr. William Chase’s help, so Zane didn’t have the slightest doubt in his mind that it was because of his father’s influence.
Zane looked at the others with a bit of guilt. They were all looking at him and feeling very uneasy.
"Okay, thank you, dad. Rose is also very grateful to you," Zane said loudly. With that, he hung up the phone.
Zane turned to look at Sue, Rose’s aunt. His eyes flickered slightly as he forced himself to calm down. He said, “I’ve checked with my dad. It was my dad who called President Chase yesterday. We solved this problem.”
“Auntie, look it’s like I told you earlier, it must have been because of Zane’s help, but you’re still so suspicious of him.” Rose’s eyes showed a hint of complaint. She looked at Zane and smiled sweetly, “Zane, don’t blame my aunt. She… she is a little too protective of me..”
“Why would that be? Don’t worry,” Zane said as he smiled.
Sue was still a little hesitant, and she wanted to confirm this herself. But at that moment, her attention was no longer on Zane.
“Girl—I came to see you in a hurry. I didn’t even eat lunch—I’m starving,” Sue said, rubbing her stomach.
"Aunt, I'm sorry… okay? Oh right, my friends haven't eaten either. Why don't I order some takeout for you? I can also have somewhat do you want to eat—I'll order some for you," Rose said to Sue after looking at her friends who had been with her all morning.
“All right,” Sue agreed, “We can order takeout, but I’m really hungry now.”
The others all responded.
“Eh, what’s this?” Sue happened to glance at the box of food on the floor and walked over.
"Auntie don't touch that thing. It's only one- or two dollars' worth of fried noodles and rice. I'm going to give it to the cleaners later to feed the dogs," Rose frowned.
“Rose, no matter how much money it is—how can I just throw it away like that? I’m really hungry—let’s eat something first,” Sue said as she opened the box.
A rich fragrance instantly wafted out from the box.
“It smells so good!” exclaimed one friend.
“Why is it so fragrant?” asked another.
“What’s inside?” wondered yet another.
Everyone in the room gasped in wonder and surrounded the boxes of food. Sue took out all the smaller boxes that were inside and placed them on the cabinet beside the bed.
“This is Louis XIII from 1980,” Sue pulled out a flat, round bottle of sparkling red wine.
“This bottle of Louis XIII is over six thousand dollars!” she exclaimed as the others gawked at the wine bottle in Sue’s hand.
“Auntie, are you sure?” Rose looked at Sue in disbelief. No matter what, she couldn’t link the six-thousand-dollar bottle of Louis XIII with Alex Ambrose.
Sue opened the bottle and sniffed, then looked at Rose happily, “Really… I’ve sipped this wine once before when I was on business in France. It tastes exactly like this.”
Sue put down the wine bottle. The others had already opened the boxes one by one, and the fragrance filled the entire room.
“These are Brittany blue lobster!” Sue exclaimed as she looked at a blue lobster in the box.
“What? What is a Brittany blue lobster?” The others looked around at each other in confusion.
“Brittany blue lobsters are the world’s first choice for seafood dishes at Michelin restaurants. It’s a very rare kind of lobster. The chances of it being caught are only one in a million, so there are very few in the country,” Sue continued, “I often need to eat with guests at work, so I know quite a lot about famous ingredients like this.”
“This is Kobe steak!” Sue exclaimed again as she looked back into the box, “Look… this steak looks like a snowflake with fat and thin patterns like marble. This is the most obvious way to recognize a Kobe steak.”
“This is caviar from the Neva River,” she went on.
"This is Japanese white pufferfish," Sue pulled out more delicacies.
“Hungarian Mag Ritzer pig!” Sue was astounded.
Her surprises continued as they took out food items.
"Oh my god, these dishes are all made from top-quality ingredients. The taste and price are way beyond that of an average restaurant. To be able to use so many of the world's most rare ingredients—I've never even seen this in a high-class hotel before!" Sue's eyes sparkled.
“Auntie, we’ve never eaten these delicacies before. Are you trying to tease us?” Rose knew that Sue was experienced and knowledgeable, but she just didn’t believe that Alex would bring her such expensive food.
“Hey… do you think your auntie is joking with you?” Sue glanced at Rose speechlessly. “These dishes are still hot. Let’s hurry up and get started eating them. It won’t taste as good once it gets cold.”
"Yep—it's delicious!" said one friend.
“It’s so fragrant! I’ve never eaten such delicious food!” said another.
After eating, the others in the room all sighed with praise.
“Rose, you should try it too!” Suzan passed a fork to Rose.
Rose hesitantly picked up a piece of Kobe steak and put it in her mouth. An indescribable taste filled her senses. It was even more delicious than any steak she had ever eaten before!
These dishes were simply too delicious. Plus, no one had eaten lunch yet. The dozen or so boxes of food were all polished off quickly.
“Well, I didn’t expect that there would be someone who would give you such fantastic dishes!” Sue smiled in satisfaction and looked at her watch. “It’s getting late. It’s time for me to go back.”
With that, Sue walked to the door of the room, turned to Rose, and said, “Rose, only a rich person could give you such a rare and expensive gift. These things are not something that can be eaten just because you have some money.”
Rich person, could that really beAlex? thought Rose.
After Sue left, Suzan walked to Rose’s side and said, “Rose, it seems that you’ve misunderstood Alex. I think you should find some time to apologize to him.”
“Me… apologize?” asked Rose.
Rose was speechless, but she still hated Alex, “Why apologize to him? How could a poor man like that be able to afford such expensive dishes? I think it must be because he worked at some hotel somewhere and brought back leftovers from somebody else’s meals!”
“What?” Suzan didn’t expect Rose to say that.
Those dishes were intact. How could they be packaged? Besides, how could a hotel let employees walk away with a six-thousand-dollar bottle of Louis XIII? thought Suzan.
The group dispersed after they finished their meal at the hospital.
**
Alex told a small lie and said that he was working in a high-end hotel in the city. His boss felt sorry for him, so he gave him the food. Joe and the others asked him again, but Alex didn’t say anything more about it, so they had no choice but to give up.
After the afternoon class, Alex followed the stream of students out of the building.
“Alex,” a girl’s voice rang out from behind him, “You haven’t watched my live stream, have you?”
Alex turned around. The girl was Edith Jones, who ran the live stream that Alex and his dormmates were watching days before.
“I’ve streamed twice already. I haven’t seen you in the streaming room. Hurry up and register an account. Help me see how I can increase my popularity,” Edithpouted and looked at Alex in dissatisfaction.
“Edith, what’s the use of having him pay attention to you? You can’t be interested in him, right?” teased the girl beside Edith.
“I just wanted him to make me more popular.” Edith lowered her head slightly and whispered, “Why would I fall in love with him? Stop joking with me.”
"It's the same whether you have him or not. From what I heard, he definitely won't help you. He's very clingy," Cathy, Alex's ex, casually said as she walked over from the back.
“Cathy is right. What’s the use of having fans that don’t help others?” another girl said from beside Edith, glancing at Alex.
The girls chatted with each other.
“Last time, that tycoon in your live blog was too awesome. He gave me 700 hundred dollars, on top of what others had given. That guy was no ordinary tycoon!”
“That’s right, I watched it. Yesterday, Edith made it into the top three hundred. A host who just started streaming twice could make it into the top three hundred. Edith’s future is limitless!”
“Edith, when you become a big streamer in the future, don’t forget your good friends!”
The girls beside Edith were trying to win her favour.
Edith instantly became the target of all the girls' flattery, becoming the centre of their attention.
Cathy felt a little uncomfortable as she stood off to the side. In the past, she was almost as popular as Edith among the other girls. But now, she was being ignored.
Cathy’s heart was thumping. What’s so special about it? Isn’t it just acting flirtatiously in the live stream, luring the tycoons into giving her help? If I did a live stream, would that tycoon still be there to help you?
At that moment, a black Passat drove slowly to the front of the building. The window of the car was open, and the person driving was a boy from the university. Many students who passed by looked at him with envy.
The car stopped, and a casually dressed boy got out.
“Billy!” Cathy explained in surprise when she saw the boy. “Billy, I’m here!”
Saying that Cathy waved her hand and ran toward Billy with a smile.
Billy grabbed Cathy’s hand. Cathy took the initiative and kissed him lightly on the lips. Everyone looked at them.
Billy opened the car door for Cathy. Then he got back into the driver’s seat and drove away slowly.
Cathy looked out the window and saw the envious gazes from the other students. She felt extremely satisfied in her heart.
After all, there were only a handful of people who could afford to drive a car in university. Cathy felt that she had gained a lot of faces!
It was a good choice for me to give up on Alex—that pauper! It would have never been possible for Alex to pick me up in a car like this, she thought.
And today, they even kissed in front of Alex! Cathy felt extremely satisfied.
Alex, open your eyes and see what kind of life I will have after I left you. It’s a hundred times better than being with you! She unkindly thought to herself.