Britney agreed immediately when she heard where they were going to eat. She said, “Yellow Garden? That’s a really famous restaurant. I've heard that it’s really fancy. Let's go.” 
Carl pulled Alex toward him and whispered anxiously, “What are you doing to Ben? He’s only got a little over two hundred dollars left to pay for dinner and their hotel. It will be terrible if he takes the girls to Yellow Garden and can’t pay the bill. What do you want him to do? He’ll be so embarrassed in front of his sister and her friend.”
“I know, don't worry. Do you really think I would do anything to hurt Ben?” Alex comforted Carl.
To him, Yellow Garden was only a mediocre restaurant. He originally wanted to take everyone to De Luca’s or 
Chez Laurent
 as a treat, but he realized that these were too exclusive and places that Ben could never afford. He felt the best choice was Yellow Garden.
“It's fine. Let's go,” he reassured Ben as he patted his shoulder.
“Ben, are you going to treat us at Yellow Garden?” Tanya asked. She was his sister, and she could tell something was worrying him.
He pretended to be relaxed as he smiled and replied, “Of course. Yellow Garden is really good. I'll take you guys, and you can see what you think.” 
Inside, he was panicking. 
How can I refuse now? I’ve got to pretend everything’s all right, but I’ve only got two hundred dollars on me. What the hell am I going to do when we get there?
The girls jumped into one cab, and the boys into another. They all headed to the restaurant.
Without the girls present, Ben could stop pretending. He could be honest with his friends. “Alex, what are you trying to do to me? You know I don’t have enough money,” he said in a panic.
“This is my card and there's still five hundred dollars on it. It’s yours,” Carl said, handing a bank card to Ben. The money on it was for his living expenses, but his friend was in trouble, so he was happy for him to have it.
“No need. Both of you listen. I’ve told you I’ve got a plan. Ben won’t be embarrassed in front of the girls.” Alex smiled and continued, “Ben, let everyone order whatever they want. When we settle the bill, we'll go together to pay, and we’ll use my bank card.”
He took out his Supreme Sky Metro bank card, waved it in front of them quickly, and then put it into his pocket.
He didn’t want his friends to look too carefully at the card and recognize it. Everyone knew that to have an account there you needed a million dollars and that three million was needed to open a supreme account. 
Ben and Carl looked at Alex in confusion. Carl asked, “Alex, how much money have you got on your card? Where’s the money from? You’re usually struggling for money even more than us.” Deep down, they didn't believe him.
He rubbed his nose and said, “I’ve got around eight thousand in the account. I was really lucky recently. I bought ten lottery tickets and won eight thousand dollars.”
He still didn’t want his friends to know his real identity. Even if he told them, they might not believe him.
Hearing that Alex had eight thousand dollars, his friends were relieved. They teased him a little for not telling them about the lottery win.
Soon, they arrived at Yellow Garden. It was a beautiful old building. There were a lot of luxury cars parked in front and its clientele were from the upper echelons of New York society. 
Ben and Carl had never been to such a high-class establishment. When they saw a group of well-dressed people walk past them, they were bewildered for a moment. Luckily, Alex took control and led them into the restaurant.
Once seated, under Alex's reassuring gaze, Ben mustered up his courage and ordered ten different specialities and ordered two expensive bottles of red wine. According to the menu, he had already spent six hundred dollars.
Britney was very happy when she looked at the dishes on the table.
She looked at Tanya and said, “See, I knew that Ben was going to treat us to a good meal tonight. This place is way more luxurious than any restaurant at home.” 
“Of course. He’s my brother. Let's take some photos for Instagram. Our friends will be so jealous,” Tanya said as she held up her cell phone to take a picture of the restaurant.
Everyone relaxed and smiled at the photo.
The meal went very well. They all enjoyed their food and chatted amicably. Happy laughs were heard from time to time.
After the main course, Alex stood up and said to everyone, “You guys carry on. I need to go to the bathroom.” He walked toward the restrooms.
As he walked, Vivian and Monica popped into his mind. Sam had reported that the Flag Sect were still looking for Dale Granger, and he was worried that they would go to Vivian's home.
He was relieved that he had ordered Sam to send someone to collect Vivian and Monica and take them to stay in a safe place. They probably took them to either the Azalea Guest House or the Berkeley Hotel.
While Alex was in the bathroom, a group of rowdy youths entered Yellow Garden. The leader was a young man with his hair shaved on both sides and a tattoo on his head. He was hugging a pretty girl.
The young man was called Cory Davis, and his father was another one of the Flag Sect's leaders.
Because the Flag Sect had taken control of New York's underworld, Cory's status had risen along with it, and everyone wanted to befriend him.
“Cory, thanks for treating us today. Are many people coming?”
“I only called Henry. He said he was nearby and would be here soon. It's good if there's less people. I can’t stand all those ass-lickers.”
“You’re right, of course. Right now, everyone in New York wants to be seen with you. We feel very honored that you chose us.”
They spoke in very loud and brash voices and didn’t care at all if they upset the other diners. None of the customers or waiters dared to say anything. Finally, the manager went up to them with a smile to take their orders.
They had attracted the attention of the entire restaurant the moment they entered the door. When they saw this group of people, Ben and Carl were dismayed.
“What are they doing here?” Ben complained. He recognized two of the young men as the two hooligans who had harassed Tanya at the airport.
Ben put his head in his hands. Carl also lowered his head. He felt uneasy and didn’t want the men to see them.
There were six or seven thugs in the group. The young man with the shaved head seemed to be their leader, and he looked formidable. Ben and Carl prayed that they would not recognize them as they passed.
Then they heard, “Hang on, Cory, I think I saw two familiar faces.”
When they got closer and saw Ben, the two hoodlums recognized him.
Then Ben heard a familiar voice saying, “Steve, Rich, are they the ones that beat you up?” He saw another youth walking over, and a chill went up to his spine.
Although Darren Rogers was a university student, he had no interest in studying at all. He often hung out outside the school, and after a chance encounter, he befriended Cory and became one of his followers. Under the influence of her mother, his girlfriend Donna had dumped him.
Darren turned his gaze toward Ben. For a moment the two of them locked eyes. It was the first time that Darren had ever looked directly at any of them.
He said, “I know these guys. Cory, Steve, Rich, let me introduce them to you.”
“They're in my class. They’re nobodies, just a couple of losers. They’re so poor, they can hardly afford to eat. Once when my class went on a trip to Staten Island, we all decided to go out for dinner. These two punks and their buddy, Alex, couldn't even afford a meal. They sat outside on a bench eating fries. They didn’t like it when I took a photo of them for Instagram.”
“Ha ha—” laughed one of his companions.
“They’re that poor?” asked another.
The first said, “That’s not that much better than the people on the street begging for food.”
Cory and his lackeys laughed loudly.
Listening to Darren, Tanya and Britney were shocked. 
Ben was doing very well in New York. Why did this man say that he was a loser who couldn't afford to eat? Was Ben lying, or was this boy making it up?
“But he's wearing designer clothes right now, and he's eating at here,” Steve said. Then he pointed toward Tanya and Britney and continued, “And these two pretty girls are keeping him company.”
“My guess is that he spent a month's worth of living expenses on the clothes he’s wearing.” Darren didn't believe that Ben had the money to buy decent clothes. “I’m amazed he found the money to bring a date here. He must be planning to spend every cent he has tonight, then live on dirt next semester.”
His words caused another wave of laughter.
“Ladies, what are you doing with worthless trash like Ben?” one of his friends joked.
Darren smiled at Tanya and Britney and said, “Maybe he tricked you with his romantic words? Do you actually believe he’s wealthy or could it all just be an act?”
Ben felt so ashamed to be insulted by Darren in front of his sister. To be called worthless. He wanted to beat him up, but there were too many of Darren’s friends there, so he stayed quiet. He felt so ashamed that he clenched his fists and wanted to find a hole to hide in.
“Have you got anything to say? Aren’t you two even going to stick up for yourselves? You worthless pieces of crap,” Steve spat out and started walking toward them with Rich.
Ben and Carl were both frightened when they saw them approaching. They didn't dare to move but just sat on their chairs with their heads lowered.
“What are you talking about with these two pieces of scum?” Rich said as he kicked Ben's and Carl's seats so they both fell onto the ground.
“Stand up,” Steve shouted, and Ben and Carl stood up.
“Rich, these clothes would look good on you.” Steve pulled out a knife and grabbed Ben's shirt, ready to cut it open.
Ben tried to back off. These were the most expensive and best clothes he had ever worn in his life. He cherished them greatly and didn’t want to lose them.
“You little shit, if you keep moving, I'll cut you into pieces,” Steve roared. With a single slash, a big hole appeared in Ben's shirt.
Ben looked at his cut shirt and felt his heartache. He was hoping he could wear it if he attended any important events over the next few years. Now, he could never wear it again. 
“Ha ha, look at how weak that guy is. He’s not even standing up for himself. What a loser,” Darren laughed.
Steve kicked Ben's chest. He fell back, knocked over their table, and fell onto the ground. At the same time, Carl was kicked to the ground by Rich.
Britney, like most of the other girls in the restaurant, was screaming loudly. Tanya, on the other hand, rushed to help Ben up.
“These two girls are pretty good-looking.” Cory let go of his girlfriend and looked at Tanya. He reached out his hand to pinch her butt.
“Don't—” Tanya backed off in fright. She could sense how dangerous this group of men was.
“Come to me, pretty girl.” Cory wrapped his arms around Tanya's neck and was about to pull her into his embrace. She screamed, “Ahhh!”
At that moment, they all heard a shout, “Don't touch her.” 
At the same moment, Cory let out a blood-curdling howl. “Aaargh—” Something had slammed into the back of his head. He bent down with his head in his hands and took a few steps back. He finally let go of Tanya.
“Are you okay?” Ben asked with concern as he hugged Tanya. When he had seen Cory grabbing her, he hadn’t hesitated. He had rushed over and thumped him over the head. He could tolerate being humiliated himself, but there was no way he could let someone threaten his sister.
No, not even the president would be allowed to touch his sister.

Ep-131 Kill Him For Me
“Cory, are you all right?”
Cory rubbed his head and straightened his back. Seeing the blood on his hand, he grew angry. He had grown up leading a pampered life. When he had bullied others, he had never been beaten.
“Get this guy! Beat him until his mother can’t recognize him anymore! Get that woman for me. I want to see how you’re going to protect her now!” He pointed at Ben in anger, and the lackeys accepted his order.
“How dare you hit Cory!” one of them shouted.
“If you’re looking to die, why didn’t you say so earlier?” said another.
“I’ll beat you to death!” said yet another.
A few people yelled as they rushed toward Ben. Steve and Rich each picked up a chair.
Although Ben was terrified, he was even more afraid that his sister, Tanya, would be bullied. Ben stood in front of her to protect her. He decided that even if he was going to be beaten to death, he would not let them hurt his sister.
“Slap!” A few of his lackeys charged forward and slapped Ben across the face. He was bloodied but stood his ground. He protected Tanya with a determined look on his face.
“Let go of her!” Steve shouted. 
The lackeys near Tanya dodged away, and Steve let out a loud cry as he smashed a chair over Ben’s head. The chair broke into pieces.
Ben was dazed, and then he felt severe pain as if a stake had been driven through his skull. But he still stood his ground to protect Tanya.
“Ben!” Tanya was frightened as she watched the chair break apart over her brother. She covered her ears, closed her eyes, and shielded her body with her arms.
When she opened her eyes, Ben was still standing in front of her, but blood was flowing out from a gash on his head. Tanya was scared and angry but deeply touched that her brother protected her. She held Ben and cried helplessly, “Brother, are you okay? Are you okay?”
“So, you’re brother and sister. Beat them both up!” Cory said angrily. “There’s another one over there. Get her too!”
After Cory finished yelling, a few people rushed toward Britney. Carl protected his sister with as much courage as Ben had shown protecting Tanya, and placed her behind him to keep her safe.
Carl decided that he wasn’t going to let this guy make him look bad. If he was going to be beaten to death that day, they would die together with no regrets.
Ben and Carl bitterly endured the lackeys’ reckless fighting style, but, as they were outnumbered, they probably could only last another five minutes.
Tanya and Britney weren’t injured, but they were crying loudly. Tanya wanted to help her brother, but he prevented her from moving.
Britney, shielded by Carl, grabbed his shirt in fear.
The people inside the restaurant could not bear to watch them fight, but felt it was out of their control or, worse, that they would get pulled into it. They didn’t dare to get involved, so many of the guests quickly rushed out the door.
Seeing that Ben and Carl were being beaten, Cory started to feel better. Those two losers had offended him, so this beating was the punishment that he wanted to see.
“Hey! What are you doing! Stop!” Alex cried out.
Alex rushed out of the bathroom. He was shocked and angry when he saw what was happening to Ben and Carl. He had left the table to call Sam Woodsworth to ask him to move Vivian Carter and her daughter to a safe place. He had only vaguely heard the sounds of a dispute outside, but he had not expected it to involve Ben’s group.
He saw six people surrounding Ben and Carl. Without a word, he rushed to help them.
“Aaa grh!”
“Damn!”
With a couple of sharp kicks, Alex knocked away two of the guys. He picked up two wine bottles from the table and smashed them over the heads of two other men with all his strength.
“Smash…smash!” One of the bottles shattered. The other bottle remained intact, but its bottom was stained red and dripped with blood
The two people who were hit by the bottles fell to the ground.
One man held his head and swayed from side to side. The other man fell and stayed motionless with the wound on his forehead bleeding profusely.
“Cory, I’m dead.” Steve shook his head at Cory before his eyes closed.
When the other thugs saw how ruthless Alex was, killing a man in one strike, they were all shocked. They took a step away from him and watched carefully.
“How are you doing?” Alex looked at Ben and Carl. They both had blood on their heads, and their arms and legs were full of cuts and scrapes. Alex’s heart ached as he looked at them.
Tanya and Britney’s hearts moved when they saw Alex save them. Looking at his serious expression, without a trace of fear, they felt that this man had a lot of courage.
“Fortunately—” Ben said. He was unable to open his eyes as he sat helplessly on the ground with Carl.
“Are you all right?” Tanya’s attention shifted to her brother. She hugged Ben and cried. Britney also squatted beside Carl to take care of him.
“I’m okay. So long as you’re okay,” said Ben as he smiled.
Alex thought of calling for an ambulance, but he paused.
“What’s going on? Cory, what’s wrong?” Just when the fight had calmed down, another person walked into the restaurant. It was Henry Moore.
Slayer followed closely behind him. He was still wearing his strange clothes and a white mask. When he saw Alex in the room, his gaze stopped on him for a few seconds.
“You’re hurt! Who hit you?” Henry walked up to Cory and asked with concern. Seeing Cory look in Alex’s direction and toward the rest of his group, Henry looked at Alex and revealed a cold smile.
“It’s you again damn it. I think you’re really trying to get killed!” he exclaimed.
“Henry, this brat is ruthless. Don’t act blindly without thinking first. I’ve already told a few of my guys to come over and kill this arrogant guy,” Cory said as he looked at Alex warily. He had only stopped by the Yellow Garden by chance.
“Cory, how could these people dare to offend you? As your friend, how can I stand it? I’ll deal with these three bastards for you right now and give them something to remember!” Henry looked like he could not wait to get revenge for Cory, which would help build their relationship.
He turned to Cory and said, “Besides, you might not know this, but this guy has hit me before. This time, whether it’s for you or for me, I’m not standing by to watch him act so arrogantly in front of you.”
“All right, you should know that his skills aren’t bad. Not only that, but he can also be pretty ruthless. He’s already killed one of my guys, so I’m afraid that you might not be able to beat him up.” Cory was rather fond of Henry and felt quite close to him.
“Cory, you worry too much. So what if I can’t personally beat him? For people like us, we don’t have to dirty our own hands to deal with this kind of trash,” Henry said with disdain. He then looked over at Slayer. “Just let 
him
 deal with him.”
Over the last few days, Slayer had almost recovered from his injuries. Henry had wondered how he could have been so badly injured by Alex at the Angel bar the last time. Slayer had said that he’d had an absentminded moment that had given Alex an opening. Alex was not his match at all. Henry also felt that it was by chance that Alex had beaten Slayer.
“Him?” Cory looked at Slayer in confusion. 
This little guy is so short and thin, how could he beat up that brat?
 Cory thought.
“Henry, you saw it. One guy has already died. He’s much stronger than you and this strange little guy. Don’t let him get killed. We’d better wait for Cory’s helpers,” Darren said, voicing his opinion.
Both Darren and Henry worked to flatter Cory’s rich ego. Naturally, Darren didn’t want Henry to do well in front of Cory and gain his favour, especially since Darren and Henry didn’t like each other to begin with.
“Oh, Darren, don’t worry so much,” Henry said as he looked at him with disdain.
“You—” Darren angrily rushed toward Henry.
“Aaargh!” When he got to Henry, before he could say anything, Slayer swiftly flung Darren over his shoulder and slammed him down onto the floor. Darren cried out in pain, while Slayer calmly took his place beside Henry.
“Not bad… at least I know how to beat up bad guys for you,” Slayer said. Henry gently stroked his head as if he were petting a dog.
“Good! See? My man’s really strong. Go after those three and don’t hold back. Kill them… I’ll take responsibility,” Henry said while he pointed viciously at Alex.
“All right, I’ll do as you say!” 
Henry felt that if he could kill Alex and his friends this time, not only would he avenge himself, but he would also earn Cory’s goodwill.
Henry put his hand on Slayer’s shoulder and pointed at Alex, “Slayer, go kill that brat for me. When you’re done, I’ll give you another five hundred dollars each month, so you can buy more clothes and look handsome. Now, hurry up and do it!”
Henry handed Slayer a knife and pushed him away. Slayer stared at Alex nervously, but he did not make a move.
Alex just stood in front of Ben and his friends, silently looking at the little masked man.
“Slayer, what’s wrong with you? Hurry up and kill him! Cut off his head! Now!” Henry shouted.
Slayer remained motionless with the knife in his hand. Although no one could see his face, his eyes were wildly jumping from side to side.
“What’s going on? Why isn’t he listening to you?” Cory asked Henry with a frown.
Henry smiled awkwardly, walked behind the little masked man, and slapped him on the back of the head. He shouted, “Trash… don’t you understand what I’m saying to you? Go and kill him now!”