“Grandma, I did it!” Alex said in excitement as he walked toward the blade sticking into the wooden chopping board.
“Swoosh.” Another blade flew quickly at the chicken’s neck, and it died in an instant.
He turned around and saw grandma walk out of the kitchen. She said leisurely, “I’m going to my room. Bring me back another live chicken.”
He sighed, tidied up the mess in the kitchen, and left to buy her another live chicken.
**
Over the next two days, Alex studied the information that Robert Miller had sent him about Lawrence Heights. He then used his status as a university student to probe the management about the building and carry out private interviews to investigate its overall situation. He believed that the building’s situation was not very good, but it was not bad either. He thought that Lawrence Heights could still be a very high-quality asset but only after some proper management changes.
Alex summarized the areas that needed to be fixed and outlined his personal experiences there, and then he communicated with the main manager, Bob Bruck. He told the manager that he had a time limit to make the changes he requested, otherwise he would remove him from his position.
Bob quickly agreed to Alex’s instructions. Although he didn’t know Alex’s true identity, he was, after all, the new boss who had taken over the one hundred-and twenty-five-million-dollar Lawrence Heights building.
Alex also specifically asked Bob to investigate if Philip Geller, the office manager in charge of rentals, had seen his message. Alex would not let him off lightly for ignoring him.
Bob agreed and promised him that he would investigate Manager Gellor properly.
Alex wasn’t afraid of being fooled by Bob. If he dared to shield Geller, he would have Sam Woodsworth, Ken Stokes, and Graham Stirling to help him. For Alex, uncovering the truth of the matter was as easy as making a phone call. Of course, if he were forced to investigate personally, Bob’s position would be lost.
The day after Alex had handed him the task, Bob called him.
“Mr. Ambrose, I’ve already investigated it thoroughly. There is indeed a big problem with Philip Gellor. He’s gotten involved with many female employees in the company through deceit, intimidation, and drunkenness. Many of these female employees have already left. In the past two years, he’s also taken advantage of his position with the female tenants in the building. By pretending to help them, he committed sexual assaults in their rooms.”
Since Bob was able to obtain so much information about Philip’s crimes in just one day, he must have known about the manager’s private affairs.
Although Alex saw through it, he didn’t intend to pursue Bob. As long as he remained helpful in the future, Alex was willing to close his eyes.
“All right, I understand. I’ll deal with it as I should. I’ll try not to affect the reputation of the building. I’ll give the evidence in my possession to the police right now and have him arrested. Don’t worry, it will not have any negative impact on the building.” With that, Alex hung up the phone.
**
Alex put down his cell phone. He sat beside Ramsey Lake and looked at the sparkling water on the surface. He was once again filled with worry.
He had been busy with matters related to Lawrence Heights for the past two days, but he had also closely observed the progress in trying to find Debbie. He had developed the habit of listening to reports from Ken every night.
For example, Ken had sent people to Debbie’s hometown to check where she used to work, along with the places she used to visit. They had searched through a couple hundred cities by then, and it was hard to believe that they could not find her anywhere.
Alex closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He told himself that he would be reunited with Debbie in a short time.
“Alex, let’s go.” Ben and Carl walked over to Alex’s side and lightly patted him on the shoulder. A few days ago, the classes at Preston University had finished for the summer, so the two friends were going back to their hometown that day.
“All right, let’s go. I’ll be happy to take you two to the train station.” Alex adjusted his mood, stood up, and patted his two friends on the shoulders.
“Are you really going to work alone in New York? You’re going to suffer. Oh yeah, why isn’t Debbie here? We’re all about to leave, so why isn’t she coming to send us off?” Ben teased.
Last time, when Alex and Slayer had killed Henry, Cory, and their underlings, Alex had tricked them into believing that he had found a mysterious person to help him get through it. Ben and Carl were suspicious, but the situation was still good.
Alex never told them about Debbie’s disappearance.
“You guys talk too much. Let’s get going.” Although Alex was smiling, his eyes still flashed with sadness. He chatted with Ben and Carl and walked toward the gate. “You two should think about the important things in life. You’re still single after two years in university.”
“Are you looking down on us?” said one of his friends.
There were many couples carrying suitcases while walking under the shade trees along the university’s road.
The men were pulling suitcases for the women, and the women were saying sweet things to the men. Listening to their sweet words, Alex’s heart was heavy.
If Debbie were still here, wouldn’t I be pulling her luggage?
 he thought.
He pushed Ben and Carl into a taxi and rushed them to the high-speed train station.
After sending his friends off, Alex finally walked out of the station.
He called a taxi and headed toward Lawrence Heights. He wanted to go to the building to find answers to another question, and he also wanted to see that upright and strong woman, Sue. He didn’t know if her mother still approved of him after they had left the villa.
It had only been a few days, but the condition of the building had improved quite a bit. At least, the people at the reception were not playing around during work hours. When they saw him walk in, they politely asked, “Hello sir, may I ask if there is anything I can help you with?”
Alex leisurely wandered around the building for a while, and then he walked toward the room he had rented.
When he was almost at the door, he became a little nervous. Thinking about Sue’s face, he could not help but feel a little bit softer.
He opened the door. Sue was not inside, so he looked around and found the room neat and clean. There was not even a speck of dust on the windowsill. It was much cleaner than when he had given it to her.
She’s a good girl,
 Alex thought.
He was lost in thought, but a sound coming through the windows of something breaking startled him. He looked up.
“Bang, bang. Crash.”
“Knock, knock.”
Sounds were coming
 from the ceiling. 
What are they doing up there?
 he wondered.
“If I’m in 1403, this noise would be coming from room 1503,” he muttered.
This was not good, as the noise was coming from the first room that he had chosen that day. He had given it to a young woman, Lindsey Marvel, who had walked into the building after him. Thinking of Manager Gellor, Alex ran out the door.
**
In-room
 1503, a young woman had her hands tied with a rope, and her mouth was covered with tape. She leaned against the desk and wanted to run, but she could not getaway. The woman looked at Manager Geller in fear.
“Lindsey, don’t be afraid. I’ll love you gently. Come into my arms and let me hold you.” Philip’s eyes sparkled as he looked at her.
He had originally planned to wait until the time was right before he went after Lindsey. However, an hour ago, he had been hiding in his office watching adult movies. When he had seen an interesting part, he had lost control. So, he had run-up to the young woman’s room.
He put a Viagra into his mouth and swallowed it.
“Now that I’ve taken my medicine, I’ll be super strong. I’ll take you to the big bed.” He approached the young woman with a blurred gaze. “You’re the prettiest and youngest of my targets, my darling.”
He pounced on her.
She was so scared that her heart felt like it was going to fly out of her body. She kicked his legs and quickly dodged him. She continued staring at him in fear.
He stood up while holding onto his leg and looked at her in pain and fury. “Don’t do this to me, okay? Why is everyone doing this to me?”
He looked excited.
“You’re from the city, right? You’re rich, right?” He spoke to her softly. “I can tell you that I came from the countryside… from the poorest and dirtiest part of the countryside.” 
He paused and slowly carried on, “My dad abandoned my mom and ran away when I was young. When I was six years old, my mom was gone too. I grew up eating scraps, otherwise, I would’ve starved to death.”
Philip continued reflecting on his difficult past. “When I was fourteen years old, I used the little money that I had to take the train for a day and a night to New York. When I arrived, I could only find low-paying jobs. So that’s what I did every day. I wanted to find a nice girlfriend too, but the women just laughed at me… they mocked me and ridiculed me. They were really mean to me.” 
He looked at her intently. “When I was twenty-two, I decided that all women would only ever look down on me. So, I decided to target rich, young, and pretty women. Don’t blame me. You can blame those females who had hurt me before.”
The more he spoke, the more the unhappy experiences of his past made him believe that these women were able to heal the wounds in his heart.
“Come, let me have a good time, and I’ll let you go,” he said as he walked toward her.

Ep-151 Down And Out
Forced into the corner of the room, all the girl could do was shake her head vigorously. She felt helpless and was extremely afraid when she saw that Philip was unbuckling his belt. She closed her eyes and ran blindly in the direction of the door.
“Don't run, my little baby. You want me to be strong with you, don't you? I think you like it a bit rough,” he said. He had already thrown his underwear onto the floor. He tried to grab her. 
The girl banged hard at the door, desperate to escape, but the door was locked and her hands were tied, so it was impossible. 
She was in tears, desperate to get out.
“Bang.” 
Suddenly, the door broke open, knocking the girl to the ground. 
“Are you okay?” Alex asked her as he rushed in. He squatted beside her and tore the tape from her mouth. 
“He's a monster. Please help me. He's a monster—” the girl cried as she threw herself into Alex's arms. 
He noticed Philip standing behind him, totally naked and aroused. Without hesitation, he took the knife, which he now carried, from his pocket and threw it at him. 
“Aaargh—” Philip screamed when he saw the knife heading for his groin.
He covered his lower body and fell to the ground in agony. Blood flowed out from between his fingers. He screamed in horror when he saw that his penis was lying on the floor. In addition to the pain, he was screaming in panic and fear, horrified at what had happened and the implications.
“You bastard. I'll kill you!” Despite the intense pain, he stood up and rushed at Alex, who stepped forward and took a defensive stance in front of the girl. 
Suddenly, a group of police officers rushed in.
“Mr. Ambrose, you're here too. Are you okay?” It was Sam Woodsworth who had brought the police. He rushed in with them. 
“I’m okay,” Alex replied, shaking his head. Sam was relieved. 
“Officer, this man is Philip Gellor, and he’s been molesting his female tenants. You must arrest him right now,” Sam said to the police. 
The police handcuffed Philip. 
“Wow,” said Sam in shock when he saw what Alex had done to him. “Where’s his penis?”
“Here it is,” the captain of the police said as he used a white glove to pick an object up from the ground. 
“Ouch,” said Sam. When he and the other officers saw what the police captain was holding, they couldn't help tightening their crotches and sighing. “How small,” one of the officers commented. 
“Give him a coat, and take him and his body part away,” the police captain said. The other officer led Philip out. 
“Shall I go with you?” Alex asked. 
“No, Mr. Ambrose, I’m sure you’re busy. I'll go with them,” Sam said with a reassuring smile. Then he left with the police. 
“Are you okay?” Alex asked the girl as he sat down next to her. 
“Yes, I’m all right,” she sobbed. She had calmed down a little, but with Alex’s kindness, she started crying again. She threw herself into his arms and hugged him, whimpering, “I'm sorry, but if it wasn’t for you... that asshole... thank you for everything. Thank you.”
Alex was suddenly hugged by a beautiful woman who was two or three years younger than him. She seemed very upset, so he hugged her back. 
After crying in his arms for half an hour, the girl finally calmed down. As she slowly let go of him, he could feel that his chest was wet with her tears. 
“I'm sorry,” she said timidly. Her eyes were red from crying.
“It's okay. You’ve left a free map on my t-shirt. Look, this is America.” Alex pointed to the imprint on his chest that was wet from her tears. 
She was amused, and she smiled. 
“Well, the nightmare is over. I hope that you can get over this okay,” Alex said. He was turned about her. She looked so young and vulnerable, and he was worried that she would suffer long-term psychological effects from her ordeal. 
“Well, I'll try my best to forget what happened today,” the girl replied with a nod. She looked at Alex and suddenly felt uneasy. She asked in a whisper, “What's your name?” 
“My name is Alex,” he replied with a smile. 
“Alex, Alex—” she murmured twice under her breath. Her red eyes fixated on his as she said, “My name’s Lindsey Marvel.” 
“Lindsey Marvel?” he repeated with a smile. “Your surname is quite rare. It’s a lovely name.”
“Thank you.” Lindsey felt a little happier as she asked, “Can you help me pack up my things?” 
“Why? Are you moving out?” Alex asked in surprise. 
“Well, I'm too afraid to live here now. I’m going to find somewhere else to rent.” She knew that she wouldn’t be able to get the thought of Philip out of her head as long as she stayed in the apartment. 
“Okay. Of course, I'll help you clean up.” Alex nodded. He could understand why Lindsey felt too scared to live there. It made him feel very uneasy because he did own the place now, so he quickly helped her to pack her things. 
He helped her to check out, and they walked out of Lawrence Heights together. As they walked along the street, Alex asked her where she was going to go. She had no answer. She only said that she was going to walk around the city alone, with no plan at all. 
He wanted to help her but couldn’t think of what to do for the best. 
When a cab pulled up in front of her, Lindsey said, “Okay, I have to go.” 
“Okay, take care,” he replied simply. 
Lindsey suddenly felt a sense of loss at the thought that she would never see him again. On impulse, she stood on her tiptoes and tried to kiss him on the corner of his mouth. However, Alex was shocked and stepped back without thinking. 
He looked at her in surprise, a puzzled expression on his face. 
“I'm sorry,” she said. To his amazement, she didn't blush or look at all embarrassed, just a little sad. “I hope that we meet again in the future,” she said. 
Alex looked at her but didn't say anything. 
She nodded slightly, got into the cab, and drove away. 
“Maybe we’ll meet again,” Alex murmured and walked back to Lawrence Heights. 
**
Later that evening, Sue was walking out of an office block following another unsuccessful interview. She had been looking for a job for the past two days, but she hadn't been able to find anything. That day, she had gotten up early again and washed her clothes. She felt that the reason that she had been unsuccessful in finding work might be because of the way she was dressed. She didn't have much money and her clothes were all quite old and shabby.
To give a better impression to the recruiters, she had spent some of her remaining money on a new bag and new cosmetics. She had also borrowed some smart shoes from a friend.
She hadn't gotten to bed until midnight the previous night, but she felt well prepared for the interview that day. 
After a three-hour wait, she finally met the interviewer. She introduced herself politely, but the recruiter didn't ask her any questions or even look her in the eye. She simply said, “Sorry, you’re not the right person for this job.” 
The job that she had applied for was with a large television news channel. When she first arrived, she had noticed that the other candidate was greeting all the existing reporters, correspondents, and managers as if they were old friends. She felt that she had never stood a chance.
As she walked out of the building carrying her new bag, Sue felt that she was useless. Feeling desperate that she would never be able to find work, she slapped herself in the face. 
She let her hair loose and unbuttoned her suit jacket. She just couldn’t understand what she was doing wrong. Her newly bought bag was dragged along the ground getting badly scuffed, but Sue didn’t care. She didn't even notice. 
She walked the streets of New York in despair. 
She lost all track of time. Finally, just as she reached Lawrence Heights, her right leg gave way. The heel of her shoe had broken. 
Sue took off her shoes and threw them away. 
She sat on the steps in front of the building, not caring that her clothes would get dirty. Looking up at the bright moon, tears gradually started to roll down her cheeks. Not wanting people to see her crying, she buried her face between her knees. 
The tears wouldn’t stop flowing. 
She looked so sad and pathetic that everyone who saw her was sympathetic and wondered why she was crying. She was just a young lady. She shouldn’t have so much grief. 
For half an hour, Sue sat on the steps and wept. Her voice became hoarse, and her clothes were wet. Finally, she slowly stood up and looked at Lawrence Heights behind her. She couldn’t help but think of Alex. 
She remembered how that rich young student had helped her. If he could see the mess she was in that day, would he feel even more sympathy for her, or would he regret having helped her? 
Barefoot, she made her way to the main entrance of Lawrence Heights. She went to her apartment and was about to open the door, when she was approached by a young man who said, “Miss Bradley, you’re back at last. Please follow me. Our boss wants to see you.” 
Sue raised her head in confusion, but she agreed to go with the young man. She followed him to an office on the first floor. 
“Please go in,” the young man said, pointing to the office. When she entered, she saw Alex sitting behind a desk, and her eyes widened in surprise. The young man said to him, “Mr. Ambrose, I have brought Miss Bradley as you requested.”