Alex woke up in a daze when he heard someone knocking at his door. He stood up and walked over barefoot to open it. 
He saw Minnie and Hannah standing there, so he wanted to close it in their face. 
“Wait a minute!” Minnie jammed her foot into the opening.
“What do you want?” Alex looked at her in dismay. 
“Why are you so rude? You should be a little nicer and let us in first,” Minnie said as she walked in with Hannah whether he liked it or not. 
He looked at her and felt helpless. First, she scolded him for being so rude, and then she told him to be nicer.
How can she say that to me?
 he thought.
He felt very strange again.
Why did Minnie change so much, and why is she in my room in the middle of the night?
 he wondered.
She looked at him and sighed. 
“It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have said those things to you. I’m here to apologize and to ask you to forgive me.” To get him to go with her to the Trist party, she had to first lighten the mood between them and smooth things over. She thought she could do this by apologizing to him, although it was very uncomfortable for her.
He didn’t say anything. He just looked at her quietly.
Is she like a three-year-old? She scolded me so badly, and now she’s apologizing. And I’m supposed to just accept this?
 he thought. 
“Oh, Alex, I’m apologizing to you, and you still look at me like this. I beg you. Will you forgive me?” she said as she held his hand, shaking it gently and giving him an earnest look. 
But that wasn’t what she was thinking.
Smelly loser, I’m not apologizing to you because I like you. It’s only because Trist’s boss asked me to bring you to the party,
 she thought.
“Alex, please forgive her. Sometimes she’s just too impulsive. She felt bad and thought about it for a long time before she came over here to apologize to you,” Hannah pleaded. 
He looked at Minnie. She showed traces of sincerity. 
“Okay, I forgive you. It’s late. You should go back,” he said casually. He didn’t care if Minnie was sincere or not. He just wanted to send her away quickly. 
Minnie and Hannah looked at each other and then at Alex. 
“Alex, since you’ve forgiven me, let’s be friends.” Minnie looked at him, but there was no apology in her eyes. “Let me tell you the truth. My livestream was very successful, and the boss liked it. I’m going to Miami for the Trist party tomorrow night. I hope you can join me and help, okay?”
As he had expected, she had a different motive for her apology. 
“Hmmm,” Alex sneered.
Minnie, Minnie, if it wasn’t because you needed my help, you would’ve never apologized to me,
 he thought.
He went to the door, opened it, and said, “It’s time for you to go.” 
“Alex, I’ve apologized to you. What else do you want? You know this is a good opportunity for me to become famous. Maybe tomorrow night will be the most important night in my live streaming career. If come with me, I could become a famous streamer and get the support of the platform! I have to grab this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Do you understand?” Minnie said while feeling a little anxious when she saw him ask her to leave. 
She hoped that he could understand how important the party was to her.
“Not only that—” Hannah also walked toward him and put her arm around Minnie. “The director of Trist called and said that if Minnie didn’t show up with you tomorrow night, she might be blocked from the platform. Even if her results are okay, they won’t let her progress. So, please think about it carefully. After all, it would be very easy for you to help her.”
His heart moved when he heard that his presence would have such a profound impact on Minnie’s career.
“I won’t go with you,” he finally said cruelly. If it was for something else, he would have agreed to help her. But her Livestream content was deceptive. He wouldn’t be able to live with helping her cheat her fans.
“Why?” Minnie looked at him viciously. “This is for my career. It’s not for fun! If you don’t go, I’ll be finished. You’re so cruel and vicious. You want to ruin my future, don’t you?”
She grabbed him by his pyjamas and said, “You’re so bad!” 
“Minnie, don’t grab him!” Hannah pulled her away from him with her arms waving and legs kicking. 
“Alex, she’s put a lot of energy into her livestream. I don’t think you want to ruin her future. You can see that she’ll go nuts,” said Hannah as she hugged her.
“I can help you with other things, but I can’t help you fake this livestream. I’m sorry,” he said to Minnie. He thought that he would use his family’s power to help put her career in order. “Don’t worry, Trist’s boss won’t interfere with Minnie’s livestream. I guarantee that your livestreaming career will continue.”
“Oh, are you kidding me? You’re just a little garbage collector. Who do you think you are? Alex, are you so stupid to think you can solve this problem? It’s no wonder you’re picking up trash now. You deserve to be poor.” Minnie felt that he was being ridiculous. 
“You say that you don’t want to help me because I cheat people. Ha… you’re such a heartless and ungrateful man. Who do you think you are to talk to me about morals? Hannah, let me go.” Hannah slowly let go of her. She sneered at Alex and walked up to him. He looked at her but didn’t say a word. 
“Do you remember Cathy?” When Minnie mentioned her name, he was stunned. 
“Ah.” Minnie laughed with contempt when she saw his reaction. The sneer on her face got even stronger. “It looks like you still remember her. I thought you’d forgotten about her.”
“Did you know that Cathy dropped out of school?” Minnie asked softly.
“Do you know that on the day she left, she packed up her bedding and clothes in the dorm alone and that she walked out of the school with her suitcase all by herself? Do you know where she is now? Do you know how lonely and desolate she must have felt? How sad she must have been, and how many tears she must have cried the night before she left?” Minnie asked. 
Her questions were like arrows shooting at his heart.
Since the last time he had seen Cathy at the Autumn Beauty Boutique, he had not heard any news about her. He had not attended classes recently, so he didn’t know that Cathy had dropped out of school. 
Cathy’s family wasn’t well-off, so how could she afford to drop out of school? 
Did she give up?
 he thought and worried about her.
“You don’t know… you don’t know anything.” Minnie stared into his eyes as she tried to judge him. “I think the culprit who drove Cathy to the point of dropping out was you!” 
“You don’t want to put this on my head, do you?” he complained.
“You coward! What’s wrong with you?” she said more loudly. 
Alex was shocked. He did feel some responsibility for Cathy’s departure. 
“Do you remember what you did to Cathy?” Minnie sneered. “If it hadn’t been for you, Cathy wouldn’t have gotten to that point! Do you want to say that Cathy dumped you and that she did a lot of unfaithful things to you? That she looked for another man behind your back? That she disliked the poor and loved the rich? She also sarcastically criticized you on all kinds of occasions. She’s suffering now.”
Alex stared at Minnie. 
“Yes, it’s all true, but does it make you relieved to hear it?” Minnie fiercely gouged out Alex. “You could only see her bad qualities, but you couldn’t see a little bit of her good side? Is it because she wasn’t good to you? Are you such a great man? Do you know that Cathy has never let you out of her heart in all this time?” She put forward a message that made him dumbfounded and puzzled. 
“What are you talking about? You don’t know—” he said. 
“Cathy’s family is not so great, so you know that she wants to change her destiny. You understand that, right? So, she did cheat on you with Billy behind your back. When you found out, I told her that if she wanted to make you feel better, it would be better to be cruel to you. Otherwise, you would blame yourself, which would be more painful. So, she behaved badly in front of you to drive you away and make you feel better.
“After that, Cathy and Simon got together,” Minnie continued. “A girl from a poor family who tried hard to find a better boyfriend under the pressures of her family and society. She didn’t rob anyone or break the law. Don’t tell me that she was wrong,” she said to him in a loud voice.

Ep-158 Party On Board
Alex was speechless, but he
 was also deeply moved. 
“In the past two or three months, since Cathy left you, you only saw her arrogant and domineering side. Did you know that she’d call out your name when she slept? She hid it very well from others, but I know her best. She didn’t really forget you after breaking up with you,” Minnie said.
She continued, “She told me that the day she broke up with Simon, she realized that the person who she really loved was you. She told me that she wanted to get back together with you. She wanted to spend the rest of her life making up for all the harm she’d done to you in the past few months. I was there when she called you half a dozen times, but you wouldn’t answer. She cried on my shoulder and whispered that you don’t want her.” 
Minnie closed her eyes for a moment as she took a deep breath. “Later, she told me that to save your love, she’d do something desperate, and then she ran out. I think she went to see you. What did you say to her that made her feel so lost when she came back? The next day she dropped out of school and left.” 
Alex remembered that time when she was in the boutique. He could not help but feel a trace of heartache. 
“You remember, don’t you? Do you know how shameless you were to her?” Minnie’s eyes became sharper and sharper. “And now you have the nerve to talk to me about morals. After all the things that you have done. Do you really deserve it?” 
“I don’t deserve it, but I don’t need you to blame me for it either. I’m tired, so please go.” He was really tired. He didn’t want to see her flaunt this in front of him anymore. If he was wrong, he would use his methods to make up for it, but he needed to think carefully about it first. He pushed her out the door. 
“Why are you pushing me?” She exclaimed, “Do you want to know what Cathy asked me to tell you when she left?” 
He stopped. He didn’t think it was very important to him, but he wanted to know Cathy’s state of mind at that time. It would be a pity not to know and be disrespectful toward Cathy. 
“What did she say?” he asked as he stared at her.
“She left you a letter. Everything she wanted to say to you is in it. Let me give it to you.” Her eyes narrowed as she paused.
“Give me the letter,” he said.
“I’ll give it to you as long as you come with me to the party,” she said.
“Don’t force me to go with you.” His eyes tightened, which made her shiver. She tried to calm herself. 
“Hum, if you don’t go to the party with me, I won’t give it to you.” She had to blackmail him, otherwise, he would never go with her. 
“You!” He grabbed her by the collar and his eyes narrowed dangerously. She felt how strong he was, but she couldn’t be timid, or her live broadcast would be doomed.
“What about me? I’ll tell you after tomorrow. If you get me blocked on Trist, I’ll find a place to burn the letter secretly, and then you’ll never know,” she threatened. 
He breathed heavily and closed his eyes tightly. 
“Okay, I’ll go with you.” He finally agreed to go with her as he slowly released her collar. 
“Okay, you agreed.” She was overjoyed and relieved that she wouldn’t be blocked from the streaming platform.
“Where’s the letter?” he asked coldly. 
“I’ll give you the letter after tomorrow. Anyway, I haven’t got it with me.” She regained her disdain for him.
“Well, it’s late, and we should go to bed. We’ll get up early tomorrow and fly to Miami,” she said to him and left his room with Hannah. 
He slowly walked back to the bed. Lying on his side, he couldn’t help but think of Cathy’s face. He eventually pulled up the quilt and fell asleep.
The next day, when Alex woke up, it was gloomy outside. It was already eight o’clock.
He called out to the two girls, who were still in bed. After an hour of getting ready, they walked out of the villa. 
After some breakfast at a coffee bar, Minnie took Hannah back to her rental house, and then the three of them got in a taxi and rushed to the airport. 
After buying tickets, they quickly got on the plane. It was still gloomy outside. Alex and Minnie sat together. The two girls ate their snacks and chatted across the aisle, but they didn’t look at him at all. 
“Do you have the letter?” he asked.
“No,” she said as she closed some bags. He knew that the letter was in her bag, but she was afraid that he would take it away and not go with them to Miami. He gave a faint smile and stopped asking her. He had already promised to go with them, so he wouldn’t change his mind now. 
He closed his eyes. He was looking forward to seeing the city where Debbie had once lived for a short time.
A while later, they arrived in Miami and went to the harbour where the Trist party was being held for the top one hundred online celebrities.
The party was on a private luxury cruise ship. The magnificent ship was berthing at the port, so the party guests were not allowed to board it yet. They had to wait for an hour and a half before the party started. 
Like Minnie, the Internet celebrities were getting ready, resting, and getting familiar with the party protocols in a nearby hotel.
Alex couldn’t stay in the hotel, so he walked along the harbour alone. Standing on a reef by the sea, he called out, “Debbie, where are you? Come back quickly!” 
He had heard others say that when someone called out to the sea for their love, their love would hear it and quickly return. 
But he only heard his echo, and the distant sounds of seagulls mingled with the waves. 
The sea breeze made Alex feel a little cold. He pulled his coat tighter and walked back to the hotel.
At half-past six in the evening, Alex followed Minnie and Hannah to the cruise ship. With hundreds of people on board, Minnie, Hannah, and the other Internet celebrities were in awe and wonder.
The cruise ship had three levels. The hull was made of shiny metal, and several lines of coloured flags hung off the high mast from bow to stern. The top deck was huge, with a large swimming pool at the stern and several reclining lounge chairs around it. The stage with a reinforced framework was set up at the bow of the ship. 
Behind the stage, there was a beautiful red net curtain with the word Trist. Sound equipment and seats lined both sides of the stage floor.
The Internet celebrities and guests were wandering around the observation platform on the deck, looking at the scenery.
Standing along the ship’s rail, they could see the endless sea in the distance until it met the horizon. The sounds of the rolling waves were soothing.
Looking into the distance, Alex thought that the scenery would be even more beautiful if the sun were out that day. 
Several of the celebrities gathered to talk and laugh. 
“This cruise ship belongs to Lee Dempsey. They say that it’s worth five hundred million dollars and that he bought it with his father. How many rich people have this kind of courage?” 
“Well, I heard that Lee broke up with his girlfriend and is single now. Do you think I have a chance?” 
“I don’t see any chance for you. After all, I’m still here. Ha, ha.” 
“They say that Lee will also be here tonight. I have to perform well when I go on stage, and maybe Lee will like me.” 
They stopped chatting and walked to their seats when they saw that the party was about to start.
Minnie and Hannah had been standing nearby and overheard the conversation. Minnie also had an idea. 
“Hannah, do you think Lee might like me?” She looked at Hannah and asked with a trace of hope and confidence in her eyes.
Seeing her determined look, Hannah laughed with disapproval. 
“Minnie, don’t kid with me. The party is about to start, so let’s go.” Hannah was about to take her back, but Minnie still stared at her. 
“You haven’t answered my question yet,” she said.
Hannah was speechless. 
“Minnie, I’ll tell you the truth but don’t be angry with me. I’ve been dazzled by all the beautiful people you see here tonight. What’s outstanding about us? Besides, there are some really beautiful streamers here. Lee will likely pick a beautiful one.”
After Hannah finished talking, Minnie couldn’t help but feel lost. She thought that stepping into a powerful family was just a dream, so she should take her Livestream seriously. 
“Alex, the party is about to start. Come over here!” Minnie yelled to Alex, who had been staring out at sea.