Shocked, Lee let go of the little girl’s hand, and she took the opportunity to bite his wrist hard and run away from him. He cried out as blood flowed freely down his hand. 
“Mom,” the girl cried as she ran to her mother. 
A sailor blocked Lee from boarding the boat, saying, “I'm sorry, Sir. You can't get on the boat. You have to wait for the next one.” 
He felt frustrated and angry. He knew that he had almost gotten onto the rescue ship. He whispered to the sailor, “Buddy, you don't know me, but I'm the boss of the Dempsey Corporation. My father is one of the richest men around. My family is very wealthy. If you let me on this boat, you’ll be well rewarded.” 
“Sorry, but no,” the sailor said and shook his head.
Lee was clearly angry, but the sailor refused to let him board the ship. Finally, he could only walk away indignantly. 
When he looked around to see who had stopped him boarding, he saw Minnie looking at him with a sneer. He became even angrier and went over to her, convinced that it was her fault. 
“So, you didn't drown you, you bitch. I'll kill you if you dare to cross me again. Just remember who I am,” he said to her with a snarl, and then slapped her hard across the face.
She glared angrily at him and said, “So, you’re a man who beats women, are you? First you tried to drown me in the sea, and now you hit me. You think I won’t stand up to you?” 
Then she rushed at Lee, hoping to take him by surprise. She knew that she was probably too weak to get the better of him, so she rushed past and tried to punch his face as she went. Unfortunately, he managed to grab her and hold onto both her arms. 
“Help,” she cried. “Alex, please help me.” Hannah also pleaded with Alex to help her friend, but he continued to calmly watch Minnie struggling with Lee. He had no intention of helping her.
Lee sneered at Minnie and said, “Ah, Minnie, it seems that not only are you second rate, but your friend is too. She’s begging that boy to save you, but he doesn’t care at all. Maybe he’s remembering how you pushed him into the sea earlier. If he decides to help you now, he’ll look like the biggest fool in the world.” 
“Don't call him a fool,” Minnie said in a sharp voice. 
“Wow, you feel sorry for him now, don’t you? If you tell me not to make fun of him, it will only make me want to do it more. Do you want to be his girlfriend now? You know that you can’t get away with plotting against me. You’ll get what you deserve,” Lee said. He was starting to enjoy himself as he continued to restrain her. 
“I told you not to criticize him, you bastard. I'll kill you.” Minnie screamed as if she had gone crazy. She tried hard to break away from his control but wasn’t strong enough. In the end, she gave up and cried forlornly. Lee allowed her to stagger a few steps backward but didn’t let go of her. 
He took her over to the railing and said, “Damn it, you’re a crazy bitch, right? I didn't drown you before. Let’s see if you’re lucky a second time.”
“Let me go,” Minnie screamed. 
It was raining hard and everyone was focused on getting onto the rescue boat. No one noticed what Lee was planning to do. 
“Don't. Aaaah—” Minnie was pushed to the railing again. Remembering the horror of falling into the sea earlier, she started to fight back with all her strength.
Lee's eyes were fierce, as he tried desperately to push her over the railing. He said, “If you're unlucky enough to be born a woman again in your next life, maybe you’ll behave with more dignity. Now pray to God and repent.” 
Again, he tried to push her over, but she managed to resist. He turned around angrily and saw that Alex was helping to hold her down. 
“Hey loser, piss off—” Lee started to say when a heavy blow hit his nose. The pain made him feel dizzy for a moment. 
Alex took the opportunity to pull Minnie away. 
As she fell into Alex's arms, she became completely infatuated with him. She couldn’t believe that even after she had done such unforgivable things to him, he would still save her. At that moment, feeling the warmth of his arms, she knew that he really was a good man. 
After holding Minnie for only a moment, he pushed her toward Hannah. 
“Minnie, are you okay?” Hannah asked her. 
“I’m okay,” she replied as she gazed at Alex. The moment he pushed her away, her heart broke. 
Lee wiped the blood from his nose and said angrily to Alex, “It's you again. Are you stupid? She was going to kill you earlier, but you still want to help her.” 
Alex looked menacingly at Lee and said, “Why don’t you stay out of my business? Leave her alone from now on, or I'll throw you overboard.”
“Why is everyone threatening me today?” Lee grumbled. 
Alex went over to him, bent down, grabbed him around his legs, and lifted him up. Half of Lee's body was now suspended over the railing. The moment Alex let go, he would plummet into the sea. He was terrified and started to beg. “Buddy,” he pleaded, “I’ve learned my lesson. I promise I won't bother Minnie anymore. Please put me down.” Alex looked at Lee’s white face and noted his trembling voice. He snorted, dumped him on the deck, and walked away. 
He went to the side of the deck and sat down on the ground. Minnie and Hannah quickly went over to him. 
“Thank you for saving my life,” Minnie said softly, sitting down beside him. 
“You don't have to thank me. I just couldn’t stand by and do nothing. To tell you the truth, I really hope he will take you—” Alex stopped speaking suddenly. He frowned and looked out to the sea. Then he continued, “After today, please stay away from me. I never want to see you again.” 
When she heard what Alex said, Minnie was devastated, as she realized that she had hurt him too much. She wanted to tell him that she had completely repented and would never do it again, but he looked so serious that she was afraid to speak. 
She continued to sit quietly beside him, feeling desolate. 
Hannah looked toward the rescue boat and said, “Minnie, let's get on the boat. There aren’t too many people waiting in line now.” There weren’t many women left waiting to board, and she didn’t want to miss their chance to get on it. 
“Hannah, you go,” Minnie replied quietly. “I'll sit here and wait for the next rescue boat.” Alex had saved her life twice, and she wanted to make sure that he was also rescued. She didn’t feel that she could just leave him. 
Hannah pleaded with her friend to go with her, but Minnie refused. Finally, Hannah decided that she would also sacrifice herself to keep Alex company, and sat down next to Minnie. 
When the rescue boat pulled away, it was full of women and parents with children. Around five hundred people, almost all men, were left on the sinking cruise ship. The few women left on board were wives who were reluctant to leave their husbands behind. When the rescue boat had gone, the deck fell silent again. 
After some time, people began to hear the sound of another vessel approaching. They guessed that this was not an official rescue boat because it did not come from the direction of Miami, but from further south. It seemed to be a large, privately owned yacht.
Watching the yacht approach, the people on the deck stood up again. They prayed that this boat would rescue them.
The yacht stopped, and a young guy wearing flowery shorts appeared on the deck. He said, “Shit, what's going on?” There were two beautiful women with him on the yacht. It was Justin Ambrose. 
When he had heard about the celebration with one hundred internet celebrities, he couldn't wait to get there. He was determined to catch up with the cruise ship but was shocked to find it sinking and people evacuating. 
Everyone on deck started shouting out to Justin.
“Help, please save us,” one man called out to him. 
“Take us back in your boat,” cried his wife. 
“Please help us,” said another man. 
“Alex, let's go and see what’s happening,” Minnie said. She spoke carefully, for fear of making him angry. 
He didn't say anything. He just stood up and went and looked at the yacht. He was surprised to see his half-brother standing on board. He walked over to the railing where he could clearly see him.
Justin was saying, “Shit, I've got a lot of people on my yacht with me. I won’t be able to show these ladies a good time if you’re all on board. You had better wait for the coast guard.” Justin didn't care at all about saving people. Enjoying himself was always his priority. 
“Sorry guys, my ladies are waiting for me,” he continued and was about to go back inside the yacht when a cry from the cruise ship stopped him.
“Justin!” He looked back doubtfully and saw Alex standing on the deck. He was overjoyed. 
“Alex, what are you doing there? Come on quickly, get on the yacht.” He gestured to Alex that he should get on to the yacht with him.
“Well, you get the boat up to the gangway, and I'll get on now,” Alex replied. As the yacht pulled up against the gangway, he prepared to walk across. As he turned to step onto it, he almost bumped into Minnie and Hannah. 
“Alex, please take us with you,” Hannah said. Minnie kept her head lowered and was afraid to look him in the eye. 
“Forget it,” she said in a low voice. “Let him go by himself. We'll wait for the next rescue boat.” She gently pulled Hannah toward her. 
“I guess you two can come with me,” Alex sighed. He walked down the gangway to the yacht with the two girls following him. 
Some of the other people on the boat tried to follow, but as they went to jump from the gangway onto the yacht, Justin sneered at them and said, “If you dare to jump on, I'll kick you into the sea. Just try it.” They all believed him and backed away. 
Lee had heard that a yacht had arrived and that it was a particularly expensive one. He thought that he knew all the rich people in Miami and that the owner of the yacht would have heard of him even if he didn’t know him personally. He decided to give this man the honor of rescuing him. He managed to squeeze himself through to the gangway and yelled to the owner of the yacht, “Hey, buddy, let me get on your yacht.” 
He was afraid that the yacht owner wouldn’t recognize his face, so he stepped onto the railing so that he was a foot higher than everyone else. He waved and yelled, “Wait for me. Let me get on your yacht. I'm Lee—” 
He saw the young man on the yacht turn and look at him. He suddenly stopped yelling as he realized it was Justin Ambrose. He thought, 
last time we met was at the singing competition and I really upset Justin. Now Alex and Minnie seem to be standing next to him. What's going on? How do they know him? Are they related to him? Will they tell Justin that I just tried to drown them? 
Lee was flustered and unsteady on his feet due to the amount of alcohol he had drunk. His feet slipped, and he fell over the railing and straight into the sea. 
From the yacht, Justin saw someone falling overboard, but he didn’t know who it was. 
He looked at the figure splashing in the water and said, “Is this guy crazy jumping into the sea? The waves are so fierce. Don't worry about him. Someone has already thrown him a lifesaver. Let's go, guys.” 
Then he turned and instructed the captain of the yacht to head back to Miami. 

Ep-164 Some Good News?
As the yacht sailed away, Alex, Justin, Hannah, and Minnie sat on the deck chatting. Although Minnie didn't know who Justin was, she thought that he looked like he was wealthy, and she was surprised to hear him call Alex his brother. She wondered, i
s Alex also from a rich family?
“Big brother, I’m surprised that you went to the Twitch party,” Justin said to Alex with a smile. 
Minnie waited anxiously for Alex to reply, but he stayed quiet. If she hadn’t insisted that Alex go to the party, his life would never have been in danger. 
“Aren’t you going to introduce me to these beautiful ladies?” Justin joked. 
Seeing that Alex wasn’t going to bother introducing them, Minnie took the initiative. She stood up and said, “Hello, Justin. My name is Minnie, and I’m one of Alex's classmates. Her name is Hannah, and she’s a friend of mine.” 
Justin nodded. He looked at Alex and said with a small smile, “My brother seems unhappy tonight. I better shut up, or I’ll annoy him even more. What do you think, babe?” 
Then, ignoring Minnie and Alex, he turned and pinched the chin of the girl sitting beside him. For the next few minutes, he continued to flirt with her and two other young ladies. 
“Can I have that letter?” Alex asked Minnie. 
“Yes, sorry, I forgot. I'll get it for you now,” Minnie replied and quickly took the letter Cathy gave her from her bag. Hannah had been looking after her bag for her when she was in the sea, so luckily it wasn’t wet. 
Alex took the envelope from her hand and straight away recognized Cathy’s handwriting on the front. It said, “To be personally opened by Alex.” 
He sighed softly, opened the envelope, and read:
“Dear Alex,
I remember when we were freshmen, and we said that we would live with each other for a lifetime. Our words still linger in our ears, but in less than a year we have reached this point.
It is true that life is like a play. 
You said that no matter whether the love between us was right or wrong (of course, you may now think that what we had was not love, but let me call it that), we should never complain or regret it because young people always make mistakes. 
It seems that you’ve managed to completely let go of your feelings for me. I'm very happy for you. Honestly, and without any irony, I'm really happy for you. 
However, I’m not as lucky as you are. Whether you believe it or not, the truth is that I have never stopped thinking about you. Especially after being abandoned, first by Billy and then by Simon, I realized that there is only one person in the world who has ever been really good to me. It was the same person who protected me and the same student who gave me all his money for food and fell ill himself. 
People always cherish something more after they’ve lost it. When I think back, I find that the one I love deeply has moved further away from me and is now deeply in love with someone else. 
I think it's time that I learn to let go, so I’ve made the decision to quit school. Please don’t blame yourself, everything is my choice. I just need to be somewhere where I won’t keep seeing you, where I can let time help me forget you. 
I hope that one day, when we meet again, you’ll be holding your wife, and I’ll be in the arms of my husband. And that we will look at each other with only friendship in our eyes, without any hatred or regret.” 
After reading Cathy's letter, Alex felt much more comfortable. He instantly felt that he would finally be free of her. He lifted the letter and let it drop into the water. Watching the paper float out of view, he wondered whether Cathy had already forgotten him.
**
The yacht soon reached Miami. After docking, Minnie and Hannah saw that Alex's attention was no longer on them. They left quietly, and Justin asked his female companions to go back to the hotel. He hadn’t seen his older brother for such a long time and, naturally, he wanted to have a good chat with him. 
By this time, it was midafternoon and the restaurant was closed, so Justin bought some beer and snacks in the convenience store, and the two brothers sat in the doorway of a closed building, eating and drinking together. 
Justin opened a can of beer and said with a smile, “Hey Alex, this is nice, isn’t it?” He had been spoiled since childhood and had always eaten in classy restaurants. It was the first time that he had eaten sitting on the ground. 
“You don't know how many times I ate potato chips and drank beer in places like this during my seven years of poverty training,” Alex joked with a smile. 
“You’re so good,” Justin joked back. “By the way, what did you get up to at the party today? Did you meet any interesting young ladies, or do you still only have eyes for Debbie?” He looked at Alex and smiled. 
Hearing the sudden mention of Debbie, Alex's heart skipped a beat, but he didn't reply. He just raised his head and drank a few gulps of beer. 
“Alex, what's the matter?” Justin saw his reaction and thought about Debbie. He realized that he hadn’t seen her since the horrible incident at the singing contest, and he became worried. He said, “I haven't seen Debbie for a long time. Why don’t you take me to see her first thing tomorrow morning?” When Justin said that he wanted to see her, Alex suddenly felt guilty, as if he had done something wrong. 
“Sorry, I can’t tomorrow,” he replied. He felt ashamed. 
Justin put down his beer can and stared at Alex. He asked, “What do you mean? Is something wrong with her? What's the matter?” 
Alex knew that he could no longer hide the truth. His eyes were full of sadness as he explained, “It’s my fault. The last time she came back from Chicago, she was kidnapped from the airport. She was taken to a hotel, and—” 
Suddenly he couldn't go on. It was like ripping the scab off an old wound. 
“What?” Justin asked impatiently. 
Alex used all his strength to say, “She was assaulted.”
“What! I'll kill the person who did that.”
He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. 
“But how is she now?” he asked anxiously. 
“She—” Alex closed his eyes and paused for a moment, then continued. “She fell down from the third floor of the hotel and was taken away by strangers. I don’t know where she is now.” 
“What? Debbie’s missing?” Justin was horrified to hear that the gentle, kind-hearted, elegant, and refined girl that he had met on Harmony Island had been through so much and was now missing. He was worried and angry, and he took his frustration out on Alex. 
“And?” he roared. 
“I've been looking for her. I’ve asked Ken Stokes and Sam Woodsworth to mobilize all their people to search for her. I've also got the rest of the family looking. If anyone gets news about her, they’ll let me know immediately,” Alex said. He felt guilty. 
“That’s all?” Justin yelled.
Alex stared at him in shock. He had never yelled at him like that before. 
“Tell me, where were you when your girlfriend was framed by the two scumbags at the singing contest? Did you know Debbie was assaulted by another girl that day? Did you know that she was in agony while she was trying to perform on stage? Did you know that someone nearly killed her? Do you realize that if I hadn’t happened to be there that day, she might have died?” 
“Yes, I know,” Alex replied quietly. He had read Debbie's diary every day and could remember everything that she had written. 
“Do you know what a scumbag you are?” Justin was absolutely furious. He threw the chips, peanuts, and cans of beer onto the ground with one hand. With the other, he grabbed Alex's collar and hauled him up. 
“Don’t you care that she’s missing?” he demanded and threw Alex to the ground. 
“You lost her. What are you doing about it? Huh? You’ve sent Ken and Sam out looking for her on your behalf, so you can sit back and relax? You feel that you’re doing everything you can? What else are you going to do? You’re unbelievable.” He yanked Alex up again from the ground and shouted in his face, “I'm asking you what you’re doing. Why aren’t you answering me?”
In the sky, there was a clap of thunder, and rain started hammering on the pavement. 
“If I had known on Harmony Island that you didn't give a shit about Debbie, I would have stolen her from you to be my girlfriend.” Justin continued to yell at Alex. “Wake up. Do you know what you’re going to do?” 
“Yes,” Alex replied, suddenly thinking clearly.
“What? Tell me, I can't hear you!” Justin roared at Alex. He was disgusted with his older brother. 
Finally, Alex became full of energy. He roared back, “I'll start looking for her immediately. Even if I have to go to the ends of the earth, I'll find her!” 
“Good. This is the older brother I can be proud of. This is what a man should do.” He put his hand on Alex’s shoulder and said, “If you don’t find Debbie, you’re no longer a brother of mine.” Then he turned and walked away. 
Alex stood and watched him go. It was raining heavily, and his whole body was drenched. Justin’s reaction to the news that Debbie was missing shocked him into action. He wondered to himself, 
what on earth have I been doing since she disappeared? I must go right now to find Debbie in person and bring her back. 
The next day, he caught the first flight back to New York. He was determined to find Debbie himself. He had no specific destination in mind and no time restraints. He would look until he found her. However, he went back to New York to collect some of her things to take with him for comfort. Also, because he didn’t know when he would return, there were a few business affairs he had to deal with before he left. 
On arriving in New York, he dealt quickly with all his business affairs. At noon, he bought two live chickens and took them to the villa for Grandma. He didn’t tell her that he was about to leave the city, because he knew that she wouldn’t let him go. 
After picking up a few items of clothing from the villa, he took a taxi and went to the Azalea Guest House. He wanted to collect Debbie’s diary, and he had also arranged to meet Sam Woodsworth and Ken Stokes there to tell them what he was planning to do. 
When he reached the guest house, he put Debbie's diary into his backpack. 
As he stepped from her room into the hall, he found Sam waiting for him. 
He said, “Mr. Ambrose, why don’t you just let us look for Debbie. We’ll be much more effective, and you’ll be putting yourself in danger if you go alone.” He was very worried about Alex searching for Debbie on his own.
Alex replied with a small smile, “Sam, please don't worry. I'm not a child. I’ve also been through poverty training for seven years, so I can look after myself. Where's Ken? Isn’t he here yet?” 
At that moment, Ken Stokes rushed in with his face full of joy. He said, “Alex, I have news, I have news—”