Alex knew
 that he had less than two hundred dollars on him. He thought it would be a good idea to go with this woman and save some money. 
“Okay.” Alex nodded. 
“Come with me,” the woman said. “Young man, your accent tells me you’re not from around here. Have you come to Washington looking for work?” she asked, leading him through the crowd.
“Um...” Alex was speechless. Why did everyone think that he was a wage earner? What the hell, he decided, and answered, “Yes.”
“Do you have friends or relatives here?” 
“No.” 
“Then you’re very brave, coming to Washington without any support.” She looked back at him and laughed. 
By then, she was leading him through a badly lit street. 
“Are we near?” Alex suddenly felt a little uneasy. The place was so dark that it seemed dangerous. 
“We’re almost there. It’s not a fancy place. We only charge twenty-five dollars a night. You know, in the Crown Hotel opposite the railway station, they charge two or three thousand a night.” As soon as she looked at Alex's face, she knew what he was thinking. “By the way, do you have money?” 
“A little, but not much.” Alex refrained from asking her how much 
she
 had. 
“Oh, are you afraid that I'll rob you of your money?” She smiled. 
They were walking through an alley where three older women with heavy makeup were hanging out. They started teasing him.
“Handsome boy, are you coming to play?” 
“Hey, you, do you like my sister?” 
“Hey cutie, how about coming into my house and doing business?” 
Even though Alex had no experience in the field, he knew that these women were hookers. 
“Well, madam, I think we’ll forget all about it. Thank you...” Alex felt that the situation was not good and wanted to leave. 
“Hey, you're scared. But I don’t have these sorts of people around. My place only has serious guests.” The woman took Alex by the hand. 
“Okay...” Alex nodded. The woman had already accompanied him all the way from the train station area, and it didn’t seem appropriate to turn his back on her. As long as she ran a serious place, he would stay there. 
They soon arrived, and he followed her in. He was surprised when he saw five or six women perched on a sofa by the door. They were all in their twenties or thirties and were dressed like the hookers they had walked past in the alley. It was a whorehouse. 
“But you said...” Alex looked at the woman. 
“Oh, what’s the matter? Although I have all this here, I didn't say I'd let you play. You just get a room for sleeping in. Give me your ID card...” she prevaricated. 
“No, I'd better find another place. I'm sorry...” Alex didn’t dare spend the night there. He was ready to leave. 
“Well, young man, are you deliberately teasing me? I’ve come with you all the way from the train station. If you’d told me earlier that you wouldn’t want to stay, I wouldn’t have brought you,” she said viciously with a smile and pointing in the direction of the station. 
“It's not that I’ve changed my mind. It's that you didn't tell me the truth. I wouldn't feel comfortable staying here. I'm sorry, I'm going.” Alex tried to leave, but she held onto his arm. 
“Stinky boy, what’s the matter? If you come in through my door, don't plan on just walking out.” Finally, the woman was showing her true face. She called out, “Hey Burt, come out, there’s someone who’s trying to run away.” 
“Who dares to run away?” A man in his forties came into the room. He was bald, nearly naked, with a big beer belly, and a dragon tattooed on his chest. 
Alex was afraid that he had fallen into a den of thieves. 
“Well, young man, you didn’t think I told you the truth? Then, I'll tell you the truth now,” the woman said with a sneer. “This is a brothel. If you come to stay here, you have to pick a beautiful woman to sleep with. They don’t charge a lot. You just do as I tell you. Tomorrow morning, I'll let you leave safely without saying a word.”
“Do you want money? I'll give you one hundred dollars, and I'll leave. Is that all right?” Alex didn't want to have anything more to do with these people, and he was willing to spend a hundred dollars to get out. 
“No, you have to find a girl to sleep with after you give me the money, or else you might go to the police station. If you go to the police, the police should have cause to arrest you first.” 
Alex was speechless. He didn’t dare give her the money now. 
“Young man, you’ve said that you were willing to give me a hundred dollars for nothing. So, just play with one of these girls. Why not? Which one of them do you like? I promise they’ll serve you well.” The procuress winked at the prostitutes on the sofa, and they started flirting with him.
“Handsome boy, come on, don't be shy.” 
“I know what you’re thinking. I promise that if you give me one minute, I'll make you turn into a beast.” 
“How about the six of us serve you together and make you emperor once again?” 
“How are you feeling, young man? You see, you've made my girls want to have a group encounter with you, so you'd better promise me...” The procuress smiled at him. “This has been done many times before. Don’t be afraid.”
“No, I’m not comfortable with this. I'm going to leave,” Alex said. The more he looked at the women on the sofa, the more disgusted he felt. Their frivolous words made Alex feel especially nauseous. He didn't want to stay there for a moment longer, so he pushed the woman aside, opened the door, and went out. 
“Ouch...” When Alex pushed the woman, she staggered and nearly fell down. “Burt, quick, catch that boy!” 
Her husband really didn't expect Alex to be so stubborn. He spat and ran out of the house immediately and grabbed Alex’s jacket. 
“Do you want to start a fight with me? Will you stay here tonight, or not?” Burt asked him. 
Alex didn’t feel afraid of him. He had destroyed two criminal gangs in New York, the Azure Dragon Society and the Flag Sect. This lady’s husband seemed no more than a common gangster.
“I advise you to leave me alone right now, otherwise...” 
“Otherwise, what? You’re a poor working man. What do you think you’re doing? Believe it or not, when I kill you, no one is going to come looking for you in Washington,” the man said threateningly. 
Alex didn't need to talk to him anymore. His fists were clenched and ready to smash him in the nose. He was strong enough to deal with this middle-aged man. 
“Let go of him!” Suddenly, a sharp rebuke rang out. Alex, the man and his wife, and the six prostitutes all looked in the direction of the sound. A small figure appeared in the dark alleyway. 
Seeing her face, Alex was shocked. It was Nelly, the girl he had met selling pancakes from a food truck.
“What are you doing screaming at me? Do you want me to slap you in the face?” Burt yelled at her. 
“Let him go!” Nelly ignored the pimp's insult. Her attention was on Alex. 
“Burt, don't pay any mind to the ugly girl. Take this boy into the house,” the procuress said.
“You stinky woman,” Nelly shouted at her. 
“Girl, do you want to die?” the pimp said, and several of the girls around him also began to scold her. 
“Look at your clumsy appearance. How do you dare go out and face people?” 
“Not only are you ugly, but you stink. Go find yourself a boyfriend to talk to.” 
“If you don’t outgrow your looks, you’re not even going to be able to go shopping without scaring everyone you meet.”
Nelly glared at them fiercely, then snorted, and then looked at the lady's husband. “Let him go, or I'll report you to the police.” 
“If you dare to report me, I'll kill you!” Burt cried out. “So, what are you waiting for?” 
“Girl, you don't want to live, do you?” The procuress rolled up her sleeves and strode over to Nelly. She raised her hand and slapped her on the face and on the side of her head. “Do you still want to call the police?” 
Before Alex had a chance to react, Nelly spoke again. 
“I’ll call the newspaper.” She raised her head. Her face was blushed, but there was no fear in her eyes. “Not only do you run a prostitution ring, but you’ve added the crime of beating someone. I doubt you’ll be able to escape the police net.”
“You bitch.” The procuress raised her hand and was ready to strike again. 
“Let's fight. I'm telling you—if you don’t manage to beat me to a pulp, I'll call the police when I get away. I won't give up without suing you!” 
“Do you think I’m afraid of them? How do you think I could be working here for such a long time if I were afraid of the police?” the procuress roared. The group of prostitutes gathered around her. 
“So, you’re not afraid of the police. Prostitution is forbidden by the state, you know. How strong is your protection?” Nelly asked. “This is all I have to say—if you don't let him go, I'll report you at the police station. And I want to add that if the police come, you will not be the only one to have bad luck. All the people on this street will be taken away with you.” 
Nelly was proving to be quite fearless.
The procuress glanced at her husband, who looked embarrassed. She didn't know how to end this situation. 
“Burt, let the boy go.” 
“Don't ruin the business of the whole street. We’re all the same here. We rely on the railway station, which brings in many people,” Burt said.
Nelly was determined to save Alex. Other prostitutes who had gathered around were afraid that their business would be implicated, and they also begin to persuade the lady and her husband to let him go. 
Burt bit his lips, sighed deeply, gave Alex a hard shove, and pushed him away. “Go away, and never come around here again.”
“Let’s go back inside,” the pimp said to the girls. He had never witnessed such an ugly scene in his neighborhood, and he was afraid that the stubborn girl would really report them.
Although the madam had no choice but to give up on Alex, she pointed at Nelly and said, “If the police come, I’ll seek you out and break your leg.”

Ep-171 Pancake Please
When the madam of the whorehouse and the rest of the group all went back, only Alex and Nelly were left in the alley.
“Thank you,” Alex said to Nelly, as he was deeply grateful for her performance just then.
“Hmm.” She stared at him and her lips tightened. She raised her hand and prepared to hit him in the face, but he quickly grabbed her hand to stop her. 
“Why are you beating me?” Alex asked with surprise.
“I’ve just been slapped twice by that stinky woman. So, I’ll slap you in the face twice too. Let go of me!” She tried to pull her hand back, but he didn’t let go.
“She hit you, so you want to hit me? This is too much,” he said innocently.
“I was beaten because I saved you. I hate being bullied because of you. Because of you, I was beaten by that smelly woman. If I don’t hit you, who will? Let go!” She shook her hand vigorously.
He noticed her embarrassment. It seemed that if he didn’t give her a fight, she wouldn’t be happy.
“You want to fight?” He let go of her, stood in place, and closed his eyes. She didn’t show any mercy and slapped him twice.
“You’re so cruel.” He rubbed his beaten face and looked at her. He said, “Why do you want to beat me at all? Have you never heard of the saying about suffering a loss can turn into a blessing?”
“I can’t suffer losses. I don’t want to be bullied. I’ve been bullied enough, so I try not to let others bully me, but I’m still—" She couldn’t help but become emotional as the tears rolled down her cheeks. She lowered her head.
“Are you all right?” He really didn’t expect that his simple sentence would make her cry. He was overcome with shame and pain.
“What’s wrong with me? I won’t cry, then. I’ll laugh when I’m ridiculed by you bad guys. Ha, ha!” She raised her head and laughed twice, but her eyes were still watery, which made her look so sad.
“What do you mean by that look? Look at me like that again, and I’ll gouge your eyes out!” she said as she glared at Alex. Suddenly, she smiled. “This afternoon, I didn’t mean to be offensive by saying that one hundred dollars is a small amount of money for you. How come a rich person like you has come to live in this kind of place?”
“I have a problem,” he said, laughing. He wanted to explain it, but it would be pointless.
“You’ll blow it,” she said with a smile.
“How come you were in this neighborhood?” he asked with curiosity.
“I came to the train station to find people to work for me. I didn’t expect to see you outside the whorehouse, you little loser. Because you helped me out this afternoon, I’ve helped you back. But I didn’t expect to get slapped in the face for you. I knew I shouldn’t have come here,” she said.
“Thank you again. Are you really a pancake seller?” he asked, looking puzzled.
“Are you not convinced that I sell pancakes?” she said as she pursed her lips. As she saw him smile apologetically, she added, “I bought a food truck by myself, which I use to sell mostly soft drinks, ice cream, burgers, hot dogs, and pancakes. I can’t do it all alone. I came to the station to see if there’s anyone who’s come looking for work in Washington.”
“Oh.” He nodded. “But there should be few people willing to do this job.”
“I think you’re quite suitable for the job. You can come with me.” She stared at him and said, “I’ve helped you so much. What’s wrong with the idea of you working for me? Would you like to work with me?”
“Um.” He looked at her for a moment.
It must be hard for her to sell pancakes,
 he thought.
He couldn’t bear to refuse to help her. “I’ll first listen to your working conditions.”
“I’ll pay you three hundred dollars at the end of the month, and you can have some pancakes to eat during the day,” she said happily.
“Really? The pay sounds okay at three hundred dollars,” he said.
Can a pancake seller like Nelly really afford this?
 he wondered.
“It’s not bad work. I can make a living with my food truck. Plus, I get to have pancakes and burgers to eat. You can watch the truck for me.”
In the end, Alex agreed to help Nelly sell food. Now that he had no financial resources, he had to find a job. She also said that her food truck had to be driven all over Washington, D.C., which would also help him in his search for Debbie.
That night, she took him back to her place. He didn’t stay in the food truck but rented a room for one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
The next day, Alex drove the food truck with Nelly to sell food in different parts of the city. The truck operated like a small shop. She was responsible for cooking as well as buying milk, eggs, and other staples. Alex was responsible for selling the food and drinks from the shelves of the truck. Their daily business was good, with earnings of fifty to sixty dollars per day.
One day, Alex noticed that the bracelet on his left wrist was moving. Grandma in New York was contacting him. His index finger swayed left and right three times, which meant that he hadn’t sent her a chicken. 
Obviously, Grandma knew that he had left without her permission, and she was angry. Alex felt that if he continued wearing the bracelet, he would feel confused, so he simply took it off and put it in his pocket.
His finger was suddenly yanked again, and when he looked down at it, he saw that some of his skin had been scratched.
Over the next ten days, Alex and Nelly continued working together, and their relationship grew closer. However, he had not found out any news about Debbie.
One day, Alex and Nelly stopped at Tillie square with the food truck. After the morning rush hour, the number of customers gradually decreased. He told her that he was going to go for a walk. She knew that he was going to go and look for his girlfriend. So, she told him that if he wasn’t back by noon, she would deduct seventy-five dollars from his wages.
Looking at him from a distance, she sighed, sat in the food truck, and watched television.
When it was nearly half-past eleven, she was still absorbed with the television show when she heard a voice in front of her. “Hey ugly girl, make me two pancakes.”
Her heart caught on fire. She looked up and saw a man and a woman standing in front of her. The woman was dressed casually in white clothes and wore sunglasses and a brown sun hat. The tall, strong man was dressed in black and looked like a gym coach.
“What are you looking at? I’m starving!” the man yelled at her.
“Honey, do you think she looks clean?” the woman in white muttered.
“There’s nowhere else to eat in this run-down square. Let’s buy some food to cushion our stomachs. Don’t worry—if she dares to make unsanitary food, I’ll damage her truck,” the man said, as he put his arms around the woman’s waist.
Nelly looked at them angrily, and then quickly made the pancakes. She handed them to the couple and said, “That’ll be five dollars.”
“I’ll pay you next time,” the man said and turned to leave with the woman.
“I have a small business here. You’d better pay it now,” Nelly said politely, suppressing her anger.
“Don’t you see that I’m playing a game? Are you really going to lose that much money because of your two lousy pancakes?” the man said. The woman was ready to leave.
Nelly’s face turned red. She called out, “Wait a minute… I forgot to add onion to your pancakes. I’ll add it now!”
“Dear, you forgot how to make pancakes? You really are a genius.” The couple returned and handed the pancakes back to her. They looked at their phones and not up at Nelly.
“This time, they’ll be okay.” Two minutes later, she gave them back to the man, who cursed and walked away with the woman.
Nelly took out her phone and called Alex. “Where are you? You need to come back right away. I want to go!”
“Ah, you want to go?” Alex was very puzzled. Previously, each time they had stopped at a place, they had stayed there for the whole day. Why was she changing her routine? Since half the day had gone by anyway, he agreed and began walking back to the truck.
As he went across a lawn with a sprinkler, Alex accidentally stepped into some mud and slipped. Half of his body was covered in mud, but he couldn’t deal with the mess because he had to go back.
Nelly had packed up the food truck, and she was waiting for Alex to return, so they could leave. She stood outside looking around anxiously for him, but she couldn’t see him. Instead, she saw the man in black and the woman in white coming toward her.
She was startled. She had taken the couple’s pancakes and squeezed in some shoe polish from a tube as revenge for abusing her and not paying what they owed. She had thought she could leave before they found out, but they had returned too soon.
“You’re so ugly that you don’t want to live, right?” said the man. They had already walked up to Nelly. Their lips were stained black with shoe polish.
“What do you want to do? Don’t move, or I’ll call someone.” Nelly stared at the man fearing that he might hit her. He was talking nonsense and sounded frightening.
“Ugly girl, do you have someone to help you? You should call your relatives and friends, so I can beat you up in front of them. Don’t you believe me?” the man said to Nelly with a mouth full of shoe polish.
“Honey, don’t hit her. Look… this is the polish. You should make 
her
 eat it!” The woman had found the shoe polish in the food truck and walked toward the man.
“I’ll grab her mouth, and you squeeze it in,” he said. “If you don’t swallow this whole tube of shoe polish, I’ll see that you don’t leave here alive,” he told Nelly.
The man grabbed her mouth from behind and forced it open. Nelly was crying, but it didn’t stop them. The man sneered at the woman and said, “Honey, let’s start to squeeze it out. Make sure you choke her half to death.”
“Good!” The woman put the tube in Nelly’s mouth and squeezed it in little by little. “Ugly girl, it’s like eating bird poop, isn’t it!”
“Aaargh!” When the shoe polish slowly squirted into her mouth, Nelly gesticulated violently, raised a foot, and kicked the woman in the abdomen. The woman screamed and fell to the ground. The man let go of Nelly and went to help the woman.