“What are you doing?” As soon as Nelly heard that the chief security guard wanted to impound her food truck, her blood surged. She was ready to scold him, but Alex stopped her. 
“You’re the chief of the security section. You don’t know if the fly flew in when we made the pancake or later. You shouldn’t be so arbitrary. And you want to temporarily impound our truck? I don’t think you have the right to do this.” Alex saw the identification tag on Felix’s jacket and felt he was acting inappropriately.
“Don’t talk to me about this or that. Since you’re creating problems here, I have the right to tell you what to do. I’ll tell you for the last time to get out of the truck right now. Don’t play with me or there will be consequences,” Felix threatened.
He was just a humble man, and he wasn’t that familiar with the law. But Hunter had told him that as long as he dealt with Alex and Nelly, he would help him get a job with the Marvel family. So, Felix set out to find fault with them. If they impounded the truck, they could delay returning it for any number of reasons, or they could even smash it up. The other party was just pancake sellers. How much trouble could they make?
“You—” Alex was surprised that Felix was such an unreasonable person.
“Hey, I can see that you’re trying to seize our food truck, aren’t you?” Nelly angrily pointed at Felix, and said, “I think it was you who sent this security guard over to get a pancake. You’re clearly trying to embarrass us. You’re playing with hypocrisy here, which makes me want to spit out my breakfast.”
“You ugly girl, who do you think you are? How dare you speak to me like that!” When Felix was confronted like this, he got really angry.
Addressing the six security guards standing next to him, he said, “What are you doing standing there in a daze? Get them out of that truck and drive it away!”
The six security guards went to the food truck, opened the side door, and rushed in to grab Alex and Nelly. Alex’s eyebrows shot up, and he didn’t know what to do.
“Go away! Bad security!” When the security guards rushed in, Nelly kicked the closest one who then fell to the ground.
“Dammit!” A security guard at the back grabbed Nelly’s foot and tried to drag her out, almost spraining her ankle. 
“Aaah!” she screamed loudly as she was yanked out of the food truck.
“Smelly woman! You just kicked me. I’ll get you!” The security guard that she had kicked stood up with the intention of kicking her in the leg.
But before he could lift his leg up, he was hit hard in the nose. Before he had a chance to check his injury, he got kicked in the abdomen, and it felt like his stomach was about to burst.
Alex also kicked the security guard who was holding Nelly’s foot. The man screamed and let go of her. Alex pulled her away and stood in front of her to protect her.
“Get him! Use the tasers,” Felix angrily shouted to several of the other security guards, who ran to the nearby duty room and grabbed some shields. He called for three more guards at the same time. A total of nine security guards brandishing tasers and batons slowly approached Alex step by step.
Alex didn’t mean to start a fight with them because he knew that the matter would only become more and more complicated and disadvantageous to them. However, he no longer had the right to use his family’s powers. It was becoming really difficult to solve the problems that he encountered.
“Please put down your weapons. We won’t move,” said Alex, who was still keeping Nelly behind him. He was thinking that he would later find a police officer to help get the food truck back after the security guards left.
However, the guards surrounded Alex and Nelly, who stopped moving as they huddled together.
Nelly had never been so close to a man. For a moment, her attention couldn’t help but turn toward Alex, who was standing so close in front of her. She could feel the warmth of his broad back. She could see the black hairs on the back of his neck, which made her feel warm and also shy.
“Hey, are you two making trouble again?” Felix said with a proud smile. He looked at the tourists surrounding them and said, “Look at these two dodgy vendors. There were flies in our pancakes, but they refuse to admit it. They also beat up our security personnel just now. If you see these two in other places, you must not buy their food. It’s not sanitary!”
“Really, look at that woman and how ugly she is. I think 
she
 looks like a fly!”
“Although the man looks okay, he seems like a loser in those clothes. He has no money for a proper girlfriend, so he has to be with this ugly monster.”
“Neither of them is any good, so send them to the police station!”
The tourists didn’t know the whole story of what had taken place, so they all sided with Felix.
“This pair of dogs should have been taken care of a long time ago!” a man who came from a distance said in a loud voice.
Alex and Nelly saw that it was Hunter, who had been causing them problems in Tillie square a few days ago. When they saw him walk up to Felix, they understood at once what was going on.
“If someone eats a fly out of a pancake, your response is to say that someone else framed you. Is there anyone more shameless than you in the world?” Seeing that Alex and Nelly were under control, Hunter leisurely walked over and ridiculed Alex.
“So, you colluded with the chief of the security section to frame us, and you have the face to say that we did it. It seems that you were beaten up too lightly the last time!” When Alex saw Hunter swagger over, he couldn’t help but curse.
“What a shame, don’t you think?” Hunter went up to Alex and slapped him twice in the mouth. Alex was stuck in place by the surrounding security guards and couldn’t move. Hunter was very happy.
Seeing Hunter’s satisfaction, Felix was relieved. It looked like he might be able to get into the Marvel family.
“You go and drive the food truck away. The four of you, get these two out of here,” Felix commanded his men.
Several security guards were preparing to perform their respective duties when a puzzled
voice came from the crowd. “What’s going on here? Why are there so many people?”
Hearing the voice, Hunter panicked. He recognized it as Lindsey’s and knew that she was kindhearted. If she found out that he had framed the pancake sellers, she would be angry with him. He quickly considered his predicament. According to his version of the events, it was a fact that there had been a fly in a pancake from this stand. Besides, he wasn’t the one who had first approached the food truck. How could Lindsey blame him?
Lindsey squeezed through the crowd that surrounded Alex and Nelly. 
Alex was surprised to see that who had appeared was Lindsey, whom he had rescued in the Lawrence Heights building. She looked beautiful, and her one-piece suit vividly outlined her delicate figure. Remembering that Lindsey had tried to kiss him on the day that he had saved her, he couldn't help feeling overwhelmed.
“What’s going on?” Lindsey first glanced at Hunter.
“Miss, the pancakes they made were not hygienic. Some people found flies in them just now. Moreover, these two people were not honest at all and beat up people. This isn’t allowed by the chief of the security section here,” Hunter explained, but when she saw that the person surrounded by the guards was Alex, she smiled. She stopped listening to Hunter and walked over to him.
“It’s you!” Lindsey could hardly believe her eyes. Alex smiled faintly, but he was embarrassed.
“Let Miss Marvel see them,” Felix said to the security guards. He was still looking forward to working for the Marvels, so he didn’t dare ignore Lindsey.
Several security guards stepped aside and let her walk up to Alex.
“You’ve come to Washington! Are you looking for me?” She saw Alex’s joy. As soon as she had said that, she felt that she had been too open about her feelings. She lowered her head slightly, trying to figure out what he was thinking.
“Um.” Alex didn’t know what to say. He turned to look at Nelly and saw that she was staring back at him. He looked away, but he had noticed that her eyes were twitching. He didn’t know what Nelly was thinking.
“I came to Washington to look for my girlfriend,” Alex said to Lindsey after thinking for a few seconds. He felt that Lindsey seemed to like him a little bit too much, so he had better set things straight as soon as possible.
“Girlfriend?” Lindsey asked, as she raised her head and looked at him.
Nelly was also moved. She had thought that the girlfriend Alex was looking for had been Lindsey, but now she realized that it wasn’t this woman. She felt a trace of resentment. She looked at Alex and pinched his waist.
“Ouch! You—" She had pinched him so hard that he frowned and glared at her, but she had turned away as if nothing had happened. However, was a hint of a smile in the corner of her mouth.
“They say your pancakes are full of flies.” As soon as Lindsey said that, Nelly spoke up. “No way… I made the pancakes. There weren’t any flies. It’s because we offended that guy a few days ago.” Nelly pointed to Hunter. “Today, he colluded with this crappy section chief to deliberately come after us.”
“No, miss, don’t listen to her. I’ve just arrived here. I don’t know what she’s talking about,” Hunter said while Felix was motionless and kept his mouth shut.
“Well, Miss Marvel, one of our security guards bought a pancake from her,” Felix finally tried to explain. He couldn’t admit that he had framed Alex and Nelly, otherwise he would lose his chance of working for the family. And judging from the relationship between Lindsey and Alex, he might even lose his position as the chief of security of the Todd Mountain area.
“You’re just blowing smoke!” Nelly said with a scowl as she pointed at Felix. Now that Lindsey was there, Felix didn’t dare to be as arrogant as before.
“Pay attention to your words. Washington is a civilized city. You’re no good here!” Felix said, and then he addressed the onlookers. “Just now, we all saw that our security guard found flies in his pancake. Didn’t you see it?”
“Yes, I saw it.”
“I saw it … so disgusting.”
“Nonsense! Where are the flies?” Nelly said aloud.
“Well, you’re still quibbling. Here… I’ve been holding it.” The security guard who bought the pancake held it up in his hand and showed the green fly, that was still moving.
“Look—the fly in his hand is still alive. Think about it… If there had been a fly in the pancake when I made it, how would it have survived in the pan?” Nelly said aloud.