It took Alex more than an hour on a bus to get to the gates of Arlington Heights. 
“Man, here we go again”, said the security guard as soon as he saw Alex.
 The security guard of Arlington Heights recognized him and took the initiative to say hello. Alex gave a polite smile and nodded as the man asked, “Are you looking for Miss Marvel again?” 
Alex didn't hide it. Maybe these security guards could provide him with some information about Debbie. 
The guard said with a smile, “Hey, you know you’re making a bit of a fool of yourself. But at least you’re keeping us entertained.”
On the other side, two more security guards were approaching. They all recognized Alex. 
One said, “Well, it looks like Alex is here again looking for Miss Marvel.” 
The other replied, “Look at his clothes. That shirt hasn’t been in fashion for at least a decade.” 
His companion laughed and said to Alex, “Hey buddy, weren’t you selling pancakes earlier today? I'm sure you earn tens of thousands a month doing that. What makes you think you’re good enough for Miss Marvel?” 
Seeing that Alex was dressed in scruffy clothes, and knowing that he worked at the pancake truck, the security guards couldn’t understand how he had the nerve to try to visit Leona in her home. They thought he must be crazy. 
Alex couldn’t be bothered to argue with them. During his seven years of poverty training, he had been ridiculed and insulted numerous times and he knew how to ignore it. The only thing he cared about was convincing Debbie to forgive him and go back with him. He sat quietly on the curb opposite the front gate of the community and waited. 
“This 
kid’s
 in a dream,” one of the guards said.
Another said, “I think he must know that the Marvel family is in a hurry to find Miss Leona a husband. He must think he has a chance. What’s he thinking of? Doesn’t he realize they’re looking for someone from a decent family in Washington, not a little loser who sells pancakes? You have to give him credit that he has the balls to keep trying.” 
A young security guard looked puzzled and asked his companions, “By the way, why are the Marvels so anxious to find Miss Leona a husband? She’s not very old, only about twenty.” 
A middle-aged guard answered, “Who knows? Anyway, I heard that over the last month, she’s been on a few dates with men from wealthy families. I think Mr. Marvel wants to strengthen his family by marrying his daughters off and forming alliances with other powerful families.” 
When Alex heard the conversation between the three security guards, he was shocked. Thinking about the Marvel family's eagerness to find a husband for Leona, who he was convinced was Debbie, he was very worried and felt he had to do something urgently. 
At that moment, some claps of thunder sounded in the sky, and a few drops of rain started to fall. 
A black Volkswagen Touareg slowly pulled up to the gate of Arlington Heights, and a tall athletic-looking young man stepped out. He was wearing a smart white shirt, trousers, and highly polished shoes, and his skin was pale and clean-looking. 
As he stepped out of the car, he took out his cell phone, and then pressed the call button, and said, “Hello, Miss Marvel. It’s Darryl Brennan. Did your father tell you about me? Well, I'm at the main gate now. I'll drive in to pick you up. No? Oh, okay, well, I'll wait for you outside the gate. By the way, it's raining outside. Please remember to bring an umbrella.” 
After ending the call, he smiled. When he had heard that the Marvel family was anxious to find their daughter a husband, he was determined to give it a shot. 
Although his family also ranked in the top one hundred wealthiest families in Washington, he knew that they were still inferior to the Marvels. It would be a great boost to his family and their business empire if he could marry Leona. 
With this in mind, his father met with Leona’s father and convinced him to let her go on a blind date with his son. Naturally, Darryl was determined to make the most of this opportunity and to make a good impression on Leona. 
He had heard that she had already been on six blind dates with eligible young men from wealthy families, and had rejected all of them.
Darryl was very much looking forward to this challenge. 
As he waited, he noticed a scruffy young man sitting on the curb staring at him. He felt irritated and swore at him, “What are you staring at, you piece of shit?” 
Alex looked at him coldly. 
Darryl said angrily, “Damn it, I asked you what you’re staring at. Are you looking for a fight?” He was about to go over and teach the guy a lesson, when one of the security guards smiled and advised him, “Don't worry, Darryl. Forget him. Don’t waste your time on someone like him.” 
“Yes, you’re right. I have nothing to worry about with a loser like him,” Darryl said as he stopped, sneered, and then turned and looked at the security guard. He asked, “Do you know who he is?” 
“I think he’s a pancake seller.” 
The younger security guard added, “Yes, he is. And Darryl, you know, this pancake seller has been hanging around at the gate of our community for the past four or five days. He says he’s waiting to see Miss Marvel. I think he thinks that he might have a chance with her.” 
Darryl couldn't help but laugh as he looked scornfully at Alex and said with a smile, “Are you really waiting for Miss Marvel? My God, you’re cracking me up. Are you trying to make me laugh to death? Just look at your clothes, you look like you’re homeless. How much do you make a month selling pancakes? Is it enough to even pay your rent? Yet you have the front to want to see Miss Marvel. Listen, the truth is that you’re not even good enough to wipe her shoes.” The security guards were smiling. They were amused but also wanted to flatter Darryl by laughing at his jokes. 
One said, “Darryl’s right. This guy is a total loser. He’s not nearly good enough to meet Miss Marvel. She’s so beautiful and takes such good care of herself. She and Darryl will be a perfect match.” 
Darryl was very flattered to hear these words, and they put him in a better mood. 
One of the security guards suddenly whispered to him, “Darryl, here comes Miss Marvel.” 
He immediately composed himself and looked in the direction that the security guard had indicated. Leona was walking toward him wearing shorts and a t-shirt, and carrying an umbrella. She looked so beautiful that his eyes were popping out of his head. She looked like a movie star. 
“Hello, Miss Marvel. I’m Darryl,” he introduced himself. 
“Hello, I’m Leona,” she said with a smile. 
When Alex saw her, he couldn’t contain his excitement. He rushed over to her and shouted, “Debbie.” 
“What are you doing?” Darryl demanded as he stepped in front of Leona and glared at Alex. 
Alex ignored him. He looked at Leona and said, “Debbie, I'm Alex. Try to remember. Have you forgotten when you were at Preston University and Maddison Robbins and her friends were bullying you? And I helped you teach them a lesson? Or when your mother, Carla, came to visit you in New York and I met her with you?” He thought that if he reminded her 
of times that they had experienced together, she might feel affectionate toward him and finally acknowledge him. 
Darryl pushed Alex away, shouting, “What are you doing? Get out of here, you loser. Do you really think you can pursue Miss Marvel? Go back to your daydream.”
“Debbie, I'm Alex, please forgive me,” Alex begged bitterly. 
“Who are you calling Debbie? This is Miss Leona Marvel. You know what? I think you’re crazy. Do you think Miss Marvel knows someone like you? Get out of here and don’t bother us again. Next time, we won’t be so polite to you,” Darryl said angrily. He stood in front of Leona to protect her and prepared to punch Alex. 
Leona stepped forward and said, “Darryl, leave it. I thought you were here to take me to dinner? Let's go.” Although she thought that Alex was a crazy person, her sister Lindsey had told her that he had saved her from a rapist in New York. She also felt sorry for him and didn’t want him to be bullied. 
“Okay, if that’s what you want,” Darryl said gently to Leona, and he helped her into the car. 
Alex tried to rush over to the car to pull her out. He cried “Debbie, don’t get in the car with him. Come back.” 
Darryl sneered and pushed him aside. As he climbed into the driver's seat, he said, “Go away. Miss Marvel doesn't know you at all. Stop making a fool of yourself, okay? Now I'm going to take her out for dinner. We’re going somewhere that you’ll never be able to afford, which shows the difference between me and you. You can never treat her how she deserves. Now get lost.” 
He started the car and slowly drove away. 
One of the security guards laughed and said to Alex, “Haha, you loser. So, you finally met Miss Marvel today, but she didn’t seem to know you.” 
“Darryl came to pick her up in his brand-new Volkswagen Touareg. How did you get here? Did you take the number eleven bus?” joked another.
The third security guard joined in. He said, “Darryl’s invited Miss Marvel to the best restaurant in town. It would cost a month of our wages to eat there. How do you think you could afford that? Even if you're lucky enough to meet Miss Marvel, where are you going to invite her to eat? Will you buy her pancakes? Haha.”
Alex couldn't stand listening to what the three men were saying. He became increasingly agitated as he thought about Debbie dating other men. He felt so frustrated. 
He knew that he had finally found her. There was no way he could lose her to another man. 
“Debbie, you can't go on a date with him,” he roared after the car. 
He noticed that there were public bicycles available to rent nearby. He ran over and grabbed one, and rode after the car. 
One of the guards muttered, “Damn it, he really is a loser. That idiot doesn’t even have his own bike, does he?” 
Another said, “What a waste of space. When he got here, he said, ‘I can drive the most expensive car or even the cheapest car, but that won’t make a difference to my Debbie.’ Hahaha.” 
“I think we’ve just met the best comedian in Washington, D.C. We should feel lucky. I think we might see that little loser on the comedy shows on TV one day,” said the other. 
Alex cycled through the rain to the best restaurant in the city. There were no public bike stands around, so he had to push his bike into the lobby. 
The Eden was one of the best restaurants in Washington. The people who went to eat there were all from upper-class families. Luxury cars, such as BMWs, Audis, and Porsches, were parked in front of the door.
Alex, who was soaking wet, shamelessly pushed his rental bike into the entrance of the restaurant. 
Everyone turned to look at him. One man scoffed, “Damn it. Can you believe that they’re letting that guy in with his bike?”
His friend said, “It’s not even his bike, it’s a public rental bike. It looks like the boy can't even afford his own bicycle. What’s he doing somewhere like this?” 
“I don't think he came here to eat but to look for work outside the building. I heard that there’s a shortage of cleaners. That must be why he’s here,” said another. 
Alex ignored the taunts of the people around him. He put his bike to one side and walked into the dining area.
He was immediately stopped by the maître d’, who said, “What are you doing here?” He thought Alex looked like a homeless man who could never afford to eat in the restaurant. And he was dripping with rainwater. Of course, he could never let such a person in.