Security at the Clifton estate was on high alert. Guards patrolled the exterior of the home diligently.
In Jessop’s living room, Jessop, Debbie, Alex, and Rufus gathered together to discuss the attack on the Clifton’s business building.
Alex started suddenly. “I almost forgot. Mr. Clifton, please send someone to the high building opposite the office. I left the sniper tied up there at the top of the building. He was injured, but not too badly. Please have them bring him here.”
He had been so busy running around making sure everyone was okay that he had nearly forgotten about the sniper completely. He still had many questions he wanted to ask him.
Rufus made the call immediately. Ten minutes later, they heard back from staff at the Clifton’s building. No one was on the roof. All that was left was a small pool of blood.
“He’s gone?” Alex thought for a moment. “Someone must have rescued him. That means he wasn’t working alone. We’re not out of trouble yet. They’re still lurking around here somewhere.”
This new development didn’t worry him too much. Even if the sniper had been rescued, Alex was confident he would be able to track him down again.
Rufus paced anxiously. “Are we just going to sit here and wait for them to attack us again? We can’t even hide. What can we do to defend ourselves? Even if you beat every attacker, it’s going to have an impact on our reputation. People won’t want to do business with us.”
Debbie turned to her grandfather with a worried expression. “You’ll stay inside, won’t you? I’m so worried about you.” She hadn’t known him long, but she still felt incredibly protective of Jessop.
But Jessop smiled at her calmly. “These things come and go. What will be, will be.”
“Yes, but that’s hard for me to accept,” said Alex. His eyes were also filled with worry. He wasn’t scared for himself, but he was anxious for his family and friends.
“We have to do something,” said Rufus. “We’ll track down the 
Steadmans
 and fight fire with fire. We can send a killer of our own if we have to!”
He didn’t see any problem with using the 
Steadmans
 dirty tricks right back at them.
Jessop shook his head. “Calm down, Rufus. Don’t forget, we don’t have any solid evidence that Art Steadman was behind this attack. Personally, I don’t think he has the courage for something like this.”
“Besides, if we attack the 
Steadmans
, aren’t we also attacking the entire Blood Brothers gang?” Jessop continued. “Will we attempt to kill them all? We’re not that strong. In this case, they have more power than us. They would eat us alive.”
Rufus found this hard to accept. No matter how many fighters the Blood Brothers gang had, 
surely
 they could be defeated over time with persistent efforts.
“Fine. Let’s just bury our heads in the sand, then,” he said bitterly.
“What was that?” Jessop demanded. “What did you say?”
He slammed his fist down on the table, knocking over his drink and spilling liquid everywhere. Rufus glared back at him sullenly.
Jessop was shocked that Rufus had spoken back to him. Rufus hardly ever contradicted him.
“I don’t like this,” Rufus continued in a low voice. “It’s weak. I think you’ve changed.”
Jessop gave him a fierce look. “Oh really? And what do you think I should be doing?”
“Order an attack on Art. Let him take the punishment he deserves. He’s tried to hurt us in so many ways! All the attacks on our family. Have you forgotten how many people were injured at the dinner? Some of them will be dealing with the consequences of that attack for the rest of their lives!” Rufus’ eyes filled with tears as he remembered the sight of his son bleeding on the floor.
Jessop shook his head. “If this is the 
path
 you’re choosing for yourself, I can’t help you. I wash my hands of it.”
Jessop understood Rufus’ pain, but he couldn’t support him if he was going to make decisions based on emotions rather than rationality. It would only hurt the Clifton family in the long run. Endurance was their best tool. People had always coveted the Clifton family’s power and tried to take it from them. This was part of the territory.
Rufus fell silent, overcome with his emotions.
Alex glanced at the older men nervously. He hadn’t wanted to interrupt, but now that Rufus seemed to have said his piece, he decided it was time to speak up.
“I don’t think it’s right to focus on just the 
Steadmans
. They’re not the real power behind the scenes. They just want to hurt us. Sir,” he turned to Jessop, “I think you should spread the word that you have been injured, and stay inside for the time being. That way I know you’re safe. If I have less people to guard, I can focus on going after our attackers.”
He turned to Debbie. “I’d like it if you stayed here too. Spend time with your family, your grandfather, and don’t go outside too much.”
Jessop nodded gruffly. “It’s a sensible plan. I agree.”
Rufus lifted his chin. “What about me?”
“I don’t think the attacks will stop anytime soon,” said Alex. “Help spread the word about the attack on Jessop, and let’s see what we learn from people’s reactions.”
Rufus nodded. “All right.”
Alex caught Debbie giving him a worried look and smiled at her. “Don’t worry about me. I won’t be taken down that easily.”
They sat and talked through their plans for the next few days. The phone rang, and Rufus stood to answer it. After a while, he returned to the rest of their little group with the receiver in his hand. His eyes were filled with hatred. “It’s Chris,” he whispered.
Jessop sneered. “
Tell
 him I’m seriously injured. Tell him I’m on the brink of death.”
“Right.” Rufus lifted the phone to his ear. “Chris Steadman! You’ve called at a bad time. My father was hurt today and is resting. He can’t speak with you. You’ve got some nerve calling us like this.”
His voice was filled with anger.
But Chris didn’t match his tone. “I’m so sorry to hear he’s not doing well! I’d like to visit, if that’s all right. If there’s anything me or my family can do to help yours in this difficult time, please do tell me!”
He sounded offensively sincere and magnanimous. Rufus felt rage swelling in his heart, but out of the corner of his eye he saw Jessop nod.
He took a deep breath and said, “That’s very kind. You’re welcome here any time. Thank you for your kind attention to my father.”
He managed to sound humble. The anger that shook his voice even sounded a little like fear. On the other end of the call, Chris was pleased and flattered at the deference Rufus was showing him.
When he finished the call, Chris looked over at his father with a proud expression. He knew Art had overheard everything. 
But Art was still in a cantankerous mood, smoking furiously to calm his nerves. He couldn’t believe that Jessop had really been hurt that badly. After taking a deep drag of smoke, he said, “Go over there now. I want to know what’s happening over there.”
Twenty minutes later, Chris pulled up at the Clifton’s home and walked into the villa.