That morning, Art also called the Baltimore police department and officially reported Chris missing. They launched a search of the whole city. 
After a sleepless night's deliberation, Art also began to wonder if the Clifton family were somehow involved in Chris’s disappearance. He used his contacts to access CCTV footage from the Clifton family mansion, which clearly showed Chris's Porsche leaving the Clifton’s home at the time he had expected.
Three days later, his investigators reported that Chris and his Porsche had been found in a reservoir in the city. However, the corpse was so rotten that the face was beyond recognition, and it was almost impossible to determine the cause of death. 
Art decided not to make any public announcement. Instead, he discreetly went to the scene and stood looking at Chris's body. After a long silence, a line of tears started to flow down his face. 
He whispered, "Chris, your death was clearly not an accident. Your body and car have been arranged intentionally to cover up a crime. Don’t worry, my son, I will not rest until I have avenged you. Rest in peace, my boy.” 
His heart was overwhelmed with sadness and rage as he reached down and closed Chris's eyes. 
**
Meanwhile, at the Clifton mansion, everything seemed to be quiet and peaceful. But in truth, the family were preparing themselves for combat. All kinds of defenses had been put in place, particularly around Jessop, who felt secure and happy. He had taken a little time off work and had been able to spend a couple of days relaxing. He had spent the time pottering in his garden, tending his flowers and feeding the birds. To add to his contentment, he had been accompanied by Debbie, who he felt was both intelligent and sensible. He felt very satisfied with both his business and his family. 
His happy contemplation was interrupted by Rufus who approached him and said, "Father, Art Steadman wants to speak to you. He asked if you’ll go to his home to meet him." 
Jessop put down his tools and replied quietly, "Really? Doesn't he know that I’m unwell?"
Rufus told him, “Yes. He asked whether you’re feeling better. If you’re not feeling up to it, please let me go to speak to the 
Steadmans
 instead of you. He said that he has very important business to discuss." 
But Jessop refused
immediately. He said, "What is there to discuss? Our two families are in conflict with one another. There's nothing to talk about." 
"Okay." Rufus nodded respectfully and turned to walk away. He felt sure that the Steadman family were plotting their revenge and he knew that they would act soon. 
As Rufus was about to leave, Alex approached them and said, "Rufus, let's go to see Art together. I think we should hear what he has to say." 
Rufus hesitated. "Art is ruthless and cunning. I’m sure he’s setting bait to lure us into a trap. Can't you see that, Alex?" He had killed Chris in a moment of anger and had been regretting it for the past two days. He knew that he had to be careful when he went out, particularly anywhere near the 
Steadmans
.
"It's okay. Even if it is a trap, we still have to go and hear what he has to say. Rufus, you know that I can protect you," Alex insisted. 
Jessop sat down slowly, pondered for a long time, then said, "Okay, we’ll do as Alex suggests. You can go to meet Art together, but you must both wear bulletproof vests and take 
three armed
 security guards with you." 
He called over the leader of his security team and told him, "I want you to go with Rufus and Alex to speak to the Steadman family. We’re at war with the family, and you must take your best men with you to protect my boys." 
The man agreed and immediately left to organize the protection.
** 
In a heavily guarded courtyard at the Steadman family home, Art was sitting drinking a cup of tea. He was so deep in thought that initially he didn’t notice that Rufus and Alex had arrived. 
His PA gently patted his shoulder and told him, "Mr. Steadman, Mr. Clifton and Mr. Ambrose are here." 
Art was jolted out of his contemplations. He said calmly, "Rufus, have you really dared to come here?" 
Rufus's face turned white when he realized that Art knew that he was responsible for Chris's death. His legs trembled a little as he replied, "Yes, I’ve come to speak with you." 
"Good, I want to talk to you.” Art put down his cup, turned around, and glared at Rufus. His eyes were full of hatred, and Rufus’s chest started to pound. 
"Mr. Steadman what do you want to talk to me about?" Rufus asked bravely. 
Art and Jessop were of a similar status. Rufus understood the power that Art possessed and was justified in feeling afraid of him.
"Why shouldn’t we have a civilized conversation?" Art suddenly laughed. "In this world, enemies and friends are not absolute. Sometimes friends can become enemies and enemies can also become friends. Don’t you think so?" 
Rufus felt a little puzzled and remained on full alert. He thought, 
If
 you try anything, I
’
ll take you as a hostage and we
’
ll die together. Besides, Alex is 
here,
 and 
he’
ll protect me.
Having reassured himself, he looked at Art confidently and said, "Mr. Steadman, you’re wasting my time. Please explain what you want to talk about." 
Art looked at him for several minutes and seemed to convince himself of his next words. He looked at Alex and said, “Please take a seat too. The three of us can try to be friends now." 
Alex was calm as he replied, "I’m fascinated to hear you say that, Mr. Steadman. I agree, why shouldn’t we be friends? Life is short. Why should we keep fighting and killing people every day? Isn't it better to drink together instead?" 
"Well, I’m glad that you agree. You’re a young man that I admire very much. I believe that you will achieve great successes in the future. Perhaps you will even surpass myself or your father." He spoke so earnestly that a stranger listening in would not be able to tell that they were enemies at all. 
Although Alex was only there to protect Rufus, Art ignored Rufus and kept talking to Alex. 
"Alex, I won't beat around the bush. Someone wants to kill you and I can help you find them." 
"Oh? 
So
 you know who was behind the recent bombings?" Alex asked. 
"Yes, the Blood Brothers have been occupying the Shamrock Hotel for several weeks. 
Apparently, they want to invest in Baltimore. They’re very ambitious and want to expand on the east coast," Art replied as he handed Alex a business card with an address on it. 
"Why are you telling me this? Aren't the Blood Brothers your allies?" Alex asked suspiciously. 
"Alex, don't ask so many questions. I'm also looking out for myself," Art said impatiently. "I’m also willing to use my power to protect you. I can find out who is helping the Blood Brothers in Baltimore. I believe that as long as we work together, we can beat them." 
"Well, Mr. Steadman, I accept your offer." Alex stood up and said, "Goodbye then." 
Art turned away and Alex and Rufus were escorted off the Steadman property. 
Rufus was very anxious and, as they walked away, he asked Alex, "Do you believe what he said? Are the Blood Brothers really expanding into Baltimore?" 
Alex ignored his questions but said, "You go back now and tell Mr. Clifton what’s happening. He’ll know what to do. Tell him that I will go to the Shamrock Hotel tonight."