“Connor is having dinner with someone from the Robinson family,” Austin said.
“Call him back,” Dominic said. “I have a bad feeling about this. I’m sure it will all work out, but we need to be careful.”
Theo came rushing in. “Alex has gone to Fairview Island,” he said. “And he’s not someone who can be ignored.”
“Alex?” Dominic asked, frowning. “Didn’t Lincoln Ambrose disown him?” Still, he wasn’t foolish enough to dismiss Alex simply because he was no longer a part of the Ambrose family. Alex had always stood out among Lincoln’s grandchildren, and Lincoln was stubborn and foolish to not make use of such an asset.
“Is Alex going to be a problem?” Dominic asked.
“Don’t worry,” Theo said. “The three leaders of the Black Hand are martial arts experts. Even if Alex is also an expert, he can’t defeat all three of them. Besides, Alex is just a young man in his twenties, so he doesn’t have much experience. If he comes, I will take care of him.”
“Good,” Dominic said, nodding with satisfaction.
Theo gave the impression of being frail, but he was actually incredibly strong, and in the past, he had enjoyed a lot of influence. According to legend, Theo had once killed several assassins with a single coin, but these days, he was committed to the Mitchell family and rarely appeared in public, so most people had forgotten he existed.
Dominic was clearly an important man to have someone like Theo as his housekeeper.
“With you and the Black Hand here, I’m sure it will be fine,” Dominic said, his tension easing. “Hah, and the Steadman family thought we wouldn’t be able to deal with the Ambrose family without their help.” 
The villa gate suddenly burst open, as if someone had 
plowed
 through it. The gate had been extremely sturdy, and it should have withstood any attack, but now it lay in ruins. 
“What’s going on?” Dominic demanded, but no one knew the answer.
A guard took out his gun and aimed at the door, waiting to see who appeared. 
One of the bodyguards ran over to Dominic and stood between him and the door. “Sir, you need to get out of here,” he said. “Go up to the second floor where it’s safe.” 
“No need for that,” Dominic said. “I have Theo with me, so there’s nothing to worry about.”
Everyone watched the door. Through the smoke and dust, they saw a young man approach them. The intruder was an attractive young man with a slight curl to his hair.
“Is that Alex?” someone asked, gasping.
Speak of the devil and he shall appear. They had been talking about Alex, and now here he was. A group of senior executives had been looking at photos of Alex earlier, but the pictures hadn’t done him justice. He was far more impressive in person.
“No matter how powerful you are, don’t you think it’s foolish to come here alone?” Dominic asked. There was no change in his expression as he raised his glass and took a sip, appearing perfectly calm.
Alex didn’t answer. He simply walked closer. The guards pointed their guns at him and yelled, “Stop! Or we’ll shoot!”
Dominic was surprised that Alex was here. He knew the Black Hand had already targeted Alex and would be attacking him imminently. So how could he have gotten inside 
DominiCorp
 headquarters?
Alex smiled and ignored the bodyguards’ warning.
Dominic and the other senior executives grew uneasy, feeling a tremendous sense of dread as Alex stalked toward them. 
A bodyguard fired numerous shots at Alex, aiming each of them at vital parts of his body. The guard was well trained and ruthless, so he would kill Alex before allowing him near Dominic.
“Haven’t you heard that bullets can’t stop me?” Alex asked, sounding bored. His voice echoed through the hall, and everyone was stunned. The bullets had peppered the wall, the ground, and the ceiling, and debris was flying everywhere, but not one of the bullets had hit Alex. When the bodyguards failed to hit their target, they changed positions, but Alex had slipped out of sight, and the guards held their guns out, searching for their target. They couldn’t fire randomly for fear of hitting someone else.
Moments later, Alex dashed at the guards, catching them by surprise and hitting their wrists, forcing them to drop their guns.
Everyone gaped in shock. Several experienced bodyguards had failed to shoot Alex and had then been disarmed. Alex was truly skilled.
The bodyguards were humiliated from being disarmed so easily, and they didn’t take failure well. Furious, they worked together to attack their enemy.
Alex held up a pistol and fired rapidly at the guards, giving them no chance to escape. 
The guards collapsed to the ground, and Alex continued to stride forward.
Jaws dropped as everyone watched what was happening. Alex hadn’t even slowed down as he had dealt with the bodyguards. Clearly, he was even more skilled than they had realized. 
Dominic swallowed hard. He had known that Alex was very powerful, but he had been sure his men could stop him. Apparently, he had been wrong. 
If Alex wants to kill us all, I’m not sure we can stop him,
 he thought.
“Theo,” Dominic said, turning to the old man beside him.
In the past, whenever there had been a crisis, Theo had helped to deal with it and had ensured the safety of the Mitchell family.