Alex was frustrated from listening to these strange men talk about his fights and accomplishments and exaggerate his character. He wanted to get to the bottom of this problem with the Martial Arts Association.
“So when do you think we could meet this Master Alex?” He asked pointedly.
The trio of so-called disciples became uneasy. Although they had bragged about their association with Master Alex, they really had never met the guy. They didn’t like being called on their bluff.
But one collected himself and said, “On Thursday! This Thursday in fact. There’s going to be a big gathering in Baltimore. We’ll be there, of course. We can try to get a few people in. And of course, Master Alex will be there! It wouldn’t be much of an event if he didn’t show up.”
“Amazing!” the girls around them cried. “I want to go!”
“What a great opportunity to meet Master Alex!”
Joe felt a bit obligated to see the suggestion through, since an invitation had basically just been extended within his own home. “Well, Alex, how about we go together then? It’s been so good to see you all again, and I definitely want to hang out some more.”
Ben and Max nodded enthusiastically. They were imagining getting selfies with martial arts masters, or even getting some signed photos to sell.
Joe turned back to the men. Addressing one, he said, “Luke, how about it? Can you get us all in?”
A few of the men around them murmured eagerly, imagining ways to tie the martial arts meeting into their own business.
Luke looked around uncertainly. “Uh, I’d love to, but I think this might be too many people. I don’t think I can get you all in.”
Neil had been listening to some of the discussion, and now he came over to join the group. “Luke, are you sure? I would love to go.”
Luke looked embarrassed now that Joe’s father had gotten involved. “It’s just not that easy.”
Alex saw the look of disappointment on Neil’s face, and said, “Are you really interested in going to the gathering?”
The men who had been bragging about Master Alex jumped in, not wanting to let Alex take the lead on the conversation. 
“It’s not easy to get in, of course! You can’t just rock up to the door and expect to be let inside.”
“It’s hard even for dedicated people like us to get access.”
Neil didn’t get a chance to answer Alex directly.
Luke waved a hand dismissively at Alex and said, “You know what? It’s fine. I’ve got contacts. I bet I can get you all in.”
The people around him exploded into cheers.
“That’s amazing, thank you!”
“You’re so great.”
At hearing this, Neil turned back to Alex with a smile. “Looks like we have a way in. I can help make sure you get access too, if you want.”
Alex smiled. He knew Neil was trying to be nice to him. “That would be great, sir, thank you.”
Joe and their other friends nodded. After all, Alex was only a security guard with few high-ranking connections. There was really no way he would be able to get an invitation on his own. It made sense that he would need help from people like them to get in.
The rest of the evening passed quickly. People were buzzing with excitement from the martial arts discussion before, and the mood stayed positive for the rest of the party. Eventually, people began to get tired and leave one by one.
Soon only a dozen or so people were left. Among them were Tabitha and Sasha.
By this point, Alex was also ready to go home.
“Where are you headed to?” Neil asked.
“Me? I have to get back to Oak Ridge High School.”
Neil was surprised. The high school was an incredibly prestigious institution, famous for its famous students. It was easily the best school in the district.
“Is that where you work?” Neil asked. He had overheard that Alex was some kind of security guard, and guessed that he must be a guard at the school. “I see. Very interesting.”
“Just so I’m clear,” Sasha drawled, inserting herself into the conversation, “what exactly is it that you do at Oak Ridge?” She wanted Alex to admit to his humble position at the school.
“I was recently promoted,” Alex said honestly. “We’ve gone through a bit of a reshuffle. I’m technically the principal there now.”
Sasha and Tabitha burst out laughing. 
“Don’t be ridiculous!” Tabitha crowed. “I’ve been talking to people tonight. You’ve been seen in your security guard uniform several times. It’s bad enough having such a poor little job, but lying about it is even worse.”
Alex frowned. It was true he tended to think of being a security guard as his real job, and the work at Oak Ridge as just a hobby. But everything he was saying about his position at Oak Ridge was true. He didn’t like being accused of bragging just for telling the truth.
“Do you even understand what an institution Oak Ridge is?” Tabitha sneered. “How competitive it is to get in? How powerful the families of those children are? I know people whose children scored extremely well on the entrance exam but still didn’t get it. They were off by just one point, but the school stayed firm!”
Neil was embarrassed on Alex’s behalf. But Alex shrugged casually and turned to Neil. “I’m not lying,” he said. “I work at Oak Ridge.”
“In such a school, it would be an incredible accomplishment to be hired as a teacher,” Tabitha continued ruthlessly. “People work their entire careers with Oak Ridge as a goal. But you claim that you are the principal? The leader of that school? It’s too funny!”
As if on cue, her friends around her began to laugh uproariously.
Those nearby who were not close to Tabitha still glared at Alex in disdain. They were annoyed that someone so young had tried to pass off such an obvious lie.
Neil’s opinion of Alex was rapidly dropping, but he still tried to be kind to the young man. “It’s very difficult to get a taxi out here,” he said smoothly. “Can I arrange a ride for you?”
“That’s kind of you,” Alex said. “But it’s not necessary. Central district is so far from here, I don’t want to put anyone out. I can have a car come pick me up.”
His original plan had simply been to travel on foot. With his martial arts training and internal force, the journey would take him no time at all. But he knew that if he took off walking now, it would only seem to confirm Tabitha’s accusations, and he didn’t want to give her the satisfaction.
“And he’s still going!” Tabitha sneered. “What kind of car is going to pick you up? Is it special? Of course, the principal of Oak Ridge would have a car. Is that what you’re talking about?” 
She was astonished that he was refusing to back down, even with so many people present to watch her catch him out in his lies.