“You’re making the campus look untidy,” Alex complained, looking down at Tabitha.
“What do you want?” She glared at him, not appreciating the way he taunted her. 
“If you want to die, then go over there and turn left,” he said, pointing. “There are some dumpsters over there, where you can lie with the rest of the trash.”
“Leave me alone!” she screamed at him.
“I thought assassins were supposed to be calm,” Alex said. “It doesn’t seem like you have the right temperament for this kind of work, so I doubt your boss would want to keep you on anyway.”
“What do you want?” Tabitha asked again. She knew Alex must not want to kill her, or she would already be dead. So, what did he have planned for her?
“With that nerve damage, you’re no longer suited to being an assassin,” he said. “So, I suggest you find a new way to work for the Chamber of Commerce.”
“I will,” Tabitha said. “But please undo this. I promise I won’t try to kill you again.”
“No,” Alex said, his expression indifferent. “I don’t trust you. And be warned, if you come after me again, I’ll do a lot worse to you.”
Tabitha shivered, believing his threat.
“I admit that you’re stronger than me,” she said, keeping her head lowered. “And I admire your martial arts skills, so I’ll do whatever you want me to do. When I’m of no further use to you, then you can simply dismiss me, and I’ll leave the country. I promise not to reveal my relationship with you to anyone. What do you think?”
“Why should I believe you?” Alex asked.
“You are the most powerful opponent I have faced,” she said. “I know if I break my promise, your vengeance will be swift and brutal. I will keep my word.” 
He raised an eyebrow. What was the word of an assassin worth?
“Well, I won’t do any more damage for now,” Alex said. “But if you step out of line, you’ll regret it. Are you really prepared to work undercover for me? After all, I’m only a security guard.”
“You’re much more than that,” she said, blinking up at him. “I would be honored to serve someone as skilled as you. If you are willing to show me mercy and teach me some moves, then when I retire, I’ll start my own school.”
Alex snorted. “I’m not teaching you anything,” he said.
“Please!” Tabitha said, determined. “You won’t regret it.”
“What’s your real name?” he asked impatiently.
“Kendall Payne,” she said. “I started working for the some select members of the Chamber of Commerce fifteen years ago, mostly as an assassin...”
Tabitha kept speaking for a long time, spilling all her secrets, but when she finally looked up, she realized Alex had already gone.
**
Alex went back to his apartment and curled up in an armchair to sleep. 
At two o’clock in the morning, his mobile phone rang, waking him. He sighed. This was why he hated carrying a phone around. He placed the phone face down, and then he leaned back in the chair.
But the phone was still ringing, and it was impossible to ignore, so Alex picked it up and answered the call.
“Alex, did I wake you?” Debbie asked, sounding a little guilty. “I’m sorry.” 
His grouchiness at being woken up vanished as soon as he heard her sweet voice. 
“It’s fine,” he said. “I had a dream last night, and I’m worried about you.” He remembered the terrible nightmare, and his mind came more fully awake. Debbie never called at this time in the morning, so he realized that there must be something wrong.
“I’m fine,” she assured him. “You don’t need to worry about me.”
“Where are you?” he asked, frowning at the sounds in the background.
“A girl in my dormitory suddenly fell ill, and I came with her to the hospital.” Debbie sighed. “She has some health problems, and she’s been in hospital before, but she seems worse this time. The doctors are not optimistic, so I decided to call you. When I was sick, you cured me, and didn’t the doctors ask you to join them at the hospital?”
Alex remained silent.
“I was hoping you could help her,” she continued. “She’s a good friend, and I really don’t want her condition to deteriorate. The hospital doctors don’t seem to be able to do anything, so maybe you could.”
Alex was touched by her faith in him. Debbie was right. His martial arts skills were advanced enough that he was proficient at using his inner power to cure illness.
Debbie’s happiness was important to him, so without any hesitation, he agreed to go and see what he could do.
Alex had no medical training, but he 
did
 have experience with healing people.
“By the way,” Debbie said. “My friend’s father is also involved in the martial arts community. Apparently, he’s very well respected.”
**
The hospital had a VIP wing, which was off limits to most people. Only the very rich were treated in this part of the hospital. Security guards stood at the door, and even the cleaning staff had been thoroughly vetted.
But the VIP wing looked like an ordinary part of the hospital, so most people didn’t even realize it was there. 
Debbie came out to meet Alex, and then she took him inside.
After getting clearance, the guard allowed Debbie and Alex to enter. 
The ward was very spacious, and there were several people standing around the bed, deep in discussion.
The young woman in the bed was pretty, but her face was really pale. When she saw Debbie coming in, she smiled at her.
One of the people standing beside the hospital bed was tall and his posture was ramrod straight, giving the impression he might be a military man.
“That’s Mr. Clark Fairfax,” Debbie whispered to Alex. “And that’s my roommate, Sarah.”