The
 Master?
Marie was completely disoriented from Alex’s blow and stumbled toward the nearest table, falling heavily on top. The table split right down the middle, and Marie was on the ground, surrounded by scraps of food and spilled wine glasses. Blood ran from the corners of her mouth. 
There was dead silence on both sides as everyone tried to absorb what had just happened. Even Ferdinand was surprised by Alex’s move. The crowd marveled at the damage Alex could do with one quick flick of his hand. He had felled one of the notorious Ghosts with just a light blow to her cheek. 
Clark looked on in admiration. He had originally recommended Alex as president out of gratitude for saving his daughter. He hadn’t thought much of Alex’s martial arts skills. At that moment, he realized just how powerful Alex truly was. 
Marie's face was full of contempt. She had wanted to twist her dagger in Alex’s heart, but to her astonishment, she had been knocked to the floor in seconds. 
"How dare you hit me in the face," she spat.
"That was nothing," Alex said, grinning while rubbing his hands together. “I’m just getting warmed up.” 
Before Marie could respond, Alex raised his hand again and slapped her cheek, but the force this time was stronger. Marie flew back about thirty feet until she hit the wall. She stayed down for a couple of minutes, wriggling on the floor and holding her head in pain. 
When she finally stood up, her face was completely swollen, and she fought to peer out through narrow slits. Her clothes were ragged, and she was trembling with rage. There was not a trace left of the beautiful woman who had so confidently entered the room just moments ago. 
She stumbled back toward Alex, a dangerous smile creeping over her puffed-up face. 
"Are you coming back for more?” Alex asked. “I did warn you about the consequences of interrupting an important meeting of the Baltimore Martial Arts Association." 
Alex took a breath and studied his palm. He waited another minute for Marie to get closer 
and watched as she weakly swayed side to side.
At last, he dealt Marie her third blow, and she was across the room in an instant, writhing in pain. 
The crowd was speechless. The woman they had feared was lying in a crumpled heap. The young man they had come to welcome as their new president had revealed his unprecedented power. 
But they knew that the fight was far from over. Martial artists trying to make a name for themselves were typically obsessed with their appearance, and this was especially true of Ghosts. Marie’s face had been destroyed. Everyone looked toward Drew, waiting for him to defend his sister. 
Drew couldn’t believe his own eyes. He watched as Marie crawled around the floor, looking for shards of her teeth that Alex had knocked loose. 
When did she become so vulnerable? 
he wondered. The arrogant look had completely disappeared from his face, and he stared at Alex with suspicion.
Some disciples of the martial arts families had come out from their hiding places. They jumped and laughed, excited by Alex’s power. 
“I guess the rumors are true,” one disciple whispered. “He really is a master.”
Drew knew that if Alex wanted to kill his sister, it would take just one more move. He had to do something. But he wouldn’t enter combat as quickly as his sister. He needed some questions answered first.
“Is what that guy says true?” he asked. "Are you already a master at your age?” 
The Ghosts looked stunned at the suggestion. They all knew Drew wouldn’t ask such a question unless he believed it was possible. 
Marie stopped scrambling around and watched bitterly from her spot on the floor. She knew there was something more to this man who had humiliated her. It didn’t make sense that a single slap could send her flying across the room. 
“You’re asking if I’m just a master?” Alex said with a sneer. " Do you really think so little of 
me? I’m so much more than that." 
Drew was lost for words. 
He thinks he’s even more powerful than a master
, he thought. 
His ego knows no bounds, but he has to be bluffing. There’s no way he’s mastered his inner power.
“Bullshit,” Drew said. "There’s no master here in Baltimore that can beat me. This is all just a ridiculous show to prove yourself as president."
Rufus rolled his eyes. He knew that though Alex would undoubtedly do a good job, he cared little about his status as president.
"Or maybe I underestimated you, and you 
have
 mastered your inner power and ascended,” Drew said sarcastically. 
“I’m a Ghost, and I’m just slightly less powerful than my master. However skilled you are, it would take you a lifetime or more to reach my level, unless you’ve actually ascended to another level, in which case we’re well matched. But you killed my brother and made a fool out of my sister, so I won’t make this easy for you.”
Marie looked on as she wiped the blood from her face. 
Drew continued. "It’s funny, Alex. I’ve traveled the world for decades, and I've never seen a guy as young as you become a master. What an exciting day this is. I can’t wait to see what you’ve got. 
"Let’s fight and see if you can match my level." 
Drew’s arrogance had returned. He didn’t believe for one moment that Alex had mastered his inner power. 
These Baltimore fighters are a bunch of losers,
 he thought.
Without breaking eye contact with Alex, he pulled a long blade from the belt at his waist. Moving his hands slowly, he turned the blade upward, pointing it straight toward his opponent.