Kenneth 
was a senior martial arts expert, but he was still deeply afraid of Alex. He knew Alex would be impossible to beat at full strength, but with his inner power so badly depleted, this was the perfect time to kill him.
Hugo’s eyes blazed with anger. “Alex, you killed Jacob, and that’s a serious crime. Apologize immediately, and I’ll spare your life.” He faked a smile. “If you refuse, we’ll take you with us, and you won’t die quickly.”
Seth thought it was stupid not to kill Alex right away, but whenever it happened, he intended to be there, enjoying every moment.
“Alex, are you really going to let them drag you out of here?” he asked, taunting him.
“You’ve made Seth angry,” Kenneth said. “And now you have to face the consequences of that.”
Hugo folded his arms and watched Alex, waiting for him to apologize.
“Do you plan to fight me?” Seth asked. “You’re surprisingly skilled at martial arts, but I can see how exhausted you are, and you’re almost out of inner power. I’m not tired at all, so it won’t be much of a fight.”
Alex gave a lopsided grin. “I may be exhausted, but I still have enough energy to deal with you.” Although he stood alone, he was fearless, and he wouldn’t allow anyone to push him around.
“So be it,” Seth said, irritated by Alex’s overconfidence. He gave a shrill whistle, and eighteen men filtered into the arena.
Their movements were fluid and graceful, and it was clear they were all well-trained warriors. From the way they held their swords, they were skilled with blades, and their expressions were grim and determined. They would not be easy opponents.
As they stood quietly, Alex looked them over, assessing their skills.
“I see you came compared,” Alex said, glancing at Seth with narrowed eyes. “Obviously, you were determined to see me dead one way or another.”
Hugo and Kenneth were shocked because they hadn’t known Seth had brought these extra men.
“If you want to live, apologize,” Seth said. “And make it good. Or what happens next will be 
on your own head.” 
“Those are brave words from someone who is hiding behind his men,” a voice called.
Everyone turned to see Spencer Holliday striding into the arena.
Spencer Holliday was famous as a true martial arts master, and stories of his combat skills were legendary within the martial arts community. He walked over to stand beside Alex, his hands clasped behind his back as he looked around with an air of indifference.
“Sir?” Kenneth asked, rushing to greet him.
The crowd craned their necks, trying to get a closer look at Spencer, but Spencer ignored them. Instead, he patted Alex on the shoulder and glanced at him with pride.
Hugo forced a smile and said, “Spencer, long time no see. What are you doing here?”
Alex remained silent as he watched things play out.
Seth scowled at Spencer. Like most people, he had heard of the man, but he had never seen him in person before. He had always been aware of Spencer’s reputation, but now he was unimpressed by the man’s appearance, believing he looked too weak to be a threat.
“Your reputation precedes you, but we won’t be pushed around,” Seth said. “If you’re smart, you’ll give Alex to us, and then this won’t turn into a battle.” He moved into a fighting stance, ready to engage. “Just mind your own business and let us deal with this.”
Spencer laughed. “You mean to fight me? Is this a joke?”
That was enough to set off Seth’s temper. He clenched his fists and nodded to his men, signaling them to attack.
Spencer was caught off guard, but he reacted swiftly and silently. He blocked their strikes and landed many blows of his own, constantly moving. In no time at all, all eighteen men were on the ground. None of them attempted to get back up.
Seth’s face turned pale, and beads of sweat appeared on his forehead. He took a step back, swallowing hard. Spencer was unstoppable, so all Seth could do now was ask for forgiveness.
Kenneth’s mouth was dry, and Hugo felt numb. They had never seen anything like this before. Spencer’s skill was both inspiring and terrifying. They glanced at each other and lowered their heads, hoping to avoid Spencer’s attention. None of their men could hope to withstand such a master, so they were forced to admit defeat.
Alex had been surprised by Spencer’s rapid reaction to Seth’s men, and he was also 
impressed.
Spencer looked at Seth. “Do you still think you can tell me what to do?”
“Of course not,” Seth said. “Please forgive me for offending you. We’ll leave.”
He had thought he was Spencer’s equal, but now he knew better. There was no chance he could win, so his only hope of getting out of this mess was to apologize. He considered himself an expert martial artist, but he was also aware of his shortcomings, and he was completely outclassed here.
“Leave?” Spencer asked, snorting. “It’s too late for that.” He shifted his weight, and then he attacked, striking out at the Ghosts in the arena.
Many of the Ghosts fell before they had time to react, and the others began to panic, desperately trying to escape. But no matter where they ran, Spencer found them, dealing with them swiftly.
Hugo shuddered as he watched. Spencer was merciless in his assault, and most of the Ghosts had already been taken out of action.
Seth’s eyes widened in horror as he realized he would be next. Then he looked over at Hugo, hoping he might be able to talk some sense into Spencer. 
Hugo was panting with fear, but he finally pulled himself together and said, “Mr. Holliday, please don’t be so hasty. We can be valuable to you, after all.”
Spencer slapped him across the face, sending him sprawling to the ground.
Kenneth recoiled, his eyes locked on Hugo, but he didn’t dare speak.
No one was sure if they were more frightened of Spencer or Alex. Spencer’s martial arts skills were first class, but Alex was even more powerful, and that was why they had wanted to kill him while he had been weakened. But then again, Spencer had a reputation for cruelty, so at this moment, he was the bigger threat.