“I still have questions,” Alex said, frowning. “Where is Debbie? Why is she still missing?”
“We’ve asked someone from the Murdoch family,” Rufus said as they made their way out of the hotel. “They denied any allegations and threatened to sue us for slander. I think Melanie might have been acting alone, and they genuinely don’t know where Debbie is. They seem to be worried you’ll seek revenge, so they’ve sent Melanie away, so we can’t find her.”
They looked along the street, spotting several police cars further ahead, their lights flashing.
That’s probably where Grayson landed, Alex thought.
They got into their car and started to drive. But as they turned a corner, a woman suddenly tumbled from the wall next to the street and landed on the windshield of their car, cracking the glass.
Alex was on high alert, with his eyes darting in all directions, looking for a threat.
The woman on the glass moved slightly and then gasped, struggling to breathe. Alex looked sharply at her, recognizing her straight away. “Melanie?” he asked.
After the initial shock had worn off, he got out of the car and rushed over to her, finding her seriously injured and covered in shards of glass. He scanned his surroundings, hoping to avoid anyone sneaking up on him. Then, after confirming there was no danger, Alex moved closer to Melanie, spotting a poisoned arrow sticking out of her back.
He leaned over her, checking for signs of consciousness and realizing she was in critical condition. But almost as soon as Alex touched her, Melanie roared in anger.
She swiftly rolled off the car, and as she landed, her left hand was gripping a dagger, which she jabbed at Alex’s neck. Her movements were fierce and swift, and despite her injuries, she was fighting for her life like a trapped animal.
Alex kicked her legs out from under her, and she screamed as she hit the ground. But she was tenacious, lunging to her feet and rushing at Alex, attempting to tackle him to the ground. But she was too weak, so she faceplanted on the ground and fainted.
Alex confirmed she was unconscious, and then he picked her up and threw her into the back of the car. He dropped Rufus back at the Baltimore Martial Arts Association, and then he took Melanie to the Fairfax compound.
He carried her inside and placed her in an empty bed, surprised she was still alive because the puncture wound from the arrow was close to the heart. Alex could feel she still had strength left in her body, but he was unsure if she would survive.
He cleaned her wound with a healing salve and tucked a pillow underneath her head. Two hours later, he returned to find Melanie awake.
She blinked her eyes a few times before she could fully open them. When she saw Alex, she was immediately on high alert, but she knew she was powerless to make a move. Her body was sore, 
her muscles ached, and she had a sharp pain in her back. An equally sharp pain shot through her chest.
Alex looked at her and said, “Don’t get up. You’ll just waste your energy, and I’m not saving you again.”
“You saved me?” she asked, her brow furrowing with confusion.
“Well, not exactly,” he said. “You haven’t recovered yet. The arrow you were hit with was poisoned, and it’s damaged your heart.”
Melanie stared at Alex and asked, “We’re enemies, so why are you taking care of me? Don’t forget, I kidnapped your girlfriend, I tried to kill you, and I’ll probably try again.”
“I’ve got three reasons for saving you,” Alex said, shrugging. “First, I still don’t know where Debbie is, and I need you to tell me. Second, you hesitated at the amusement park and 
it 
gave me a chance to escape. Although I don’t know why you let me go, I feel it does redeem you somewhat. And third, you’re injured, and I assume you were hurt by the person who sent you after me. Probably because you failed. After all, you’re a member of the Murdoch family, so who else would dare attack you?” He smirked. “And since you can’t protect yourself, you’re not really a threat to me, are you?”
He turned and walked to the door. “Have a good rest,” he said. “I’ll talk to you later.”
Before he could leave, Melanie called out to him. “Alex, wait!”
**
On the outskirts of Baltimore was an empty, run-down farm. None of the neighbors knew who owned the land or if anyone even lived in the house. Several cars pulled up to the front of the house, and more than a dozen men in black exited the vehicles. When their leader, Ezra Murdoch, made a gesture with his hand, the men dispersed into the buildings and fields around the farm. They were trained for these kinds of missions.
In the backyard, the men found a small shed with an iron door. Ezra walked over and inspected it, and then he whistled for one of his men, who broke open the door with one swift thrust of an ax.
Inside, they saw a woman who was gagged and bound to a metal chair. She had some superficial injuries, but nothing life-threatening. Ezra stepped closer and removed the gag from her mouth.
Debbie took a deep breath, relieved to breathe unhindered again. “I don’t care how much you want,” she said, staying calm as she studied the men in front of her. “My grandfather has a lot of money.”
“Are you Debbie?” Ezra asked.
“Yes,” she said, meeting his gaze. “My boyfriend and my grandfather will pay generously for my safe return.”
“Unfortunately, it’s not up to me whether you live or die,” Ezra said, taking out his phone and striding from the room.