The Steadman family was well known in Baltimore. When the Mitchell family had lost their standing in the community, the 
Steadmans
 had filled their place. However, Edward Steadman was not particularly interested in any of that.
He had wanted to build his own career and make a name for himself. The more he had gotten to know Alex, the more he had begun to believe Alex could help him reach his goals. 
But after Alex had arranged for him to help manage the Birchwood business, he had found that things were much more difficult than he had imagined. He had always tried to tackle his work on his own, but his family had always been in the background, acting as a safety net of sorts.
The day following the fiasco at the real estate investor party, Edward sat Alex down for a meeting.
“We need to talk about some business matters,” he said. “There seems to be something wrong with our sales department.”
“What’s the matter?” Alex asked, looking at the other man doubtfully.
“The sales director has asked for a raise,” Edward replied. “He said if he doesn’t get one, he’s going to take his staff and leave.” 
“Oh, really?” Alex raised his eyebrow skeptically. The sales director must have heard about what had happened at the party the previous night and thought it was an opportunity. He had likely heard Alex was short of staff, and he had assumed his position was critical, so he wouldn’t be let go. 
“Bring him to me,” Alex said.
** 
Soon, a large, greasy-haired man arrived at Alex’s office.
Alex had hired the man to serve as his sales director because he had worked in the industry for over a decade. The man had a lot of connections and was highly experienced, but now he was demanding too much from Alex.
“Hello, Mr. Ambrose,” the man said.
“So, I hear you want me to raise your salary,” Alex said, sowing the seeds of his plan.
“Mr. Ambrose, in fact, that is not what I meant to imply,” replied the sales director. “I simply meant that the people who work under me are asking for a pay raise
.”
“What do you mean by a pay raise
?” Alex asked.
The sales director squirmed a bit, and then he smiled. He didn’t say anything, believing he had the upper hand in the conversation. 
But Alex didn’t rise to the bait.
“How about I give you another two hundred dollars a month?” Alex offered, knowing the offer was low. In fact, he also knew the sales director’s starting salary was below average. The offer of another two hundred a month was not very much, but the Birchwood business was new, and they had no money to spare. Until they sold their first properties, money would be tight.
“Mr. Ambrose, please try to understand.” The sales director spread his arms placatingly. “I took this job with you because you promised you would pay me well as soon as business started to pick up
. 
Now, we’re up and running. In fact, the real estate market looks like it’s going to turn around. 
“Mr. Ambrose, let me be frank. If my annual salary is not increased by thirty percent, then I’m going to leave. After all, I’ve worked in the business here in Baltimore for a very long time. The salary I ask for is more than fair.”
The sales director was certainly bragging, but Alex had expected no less. The man demanded a higher salary than Alex could afford to pay him. In truth, he demanded a salary higher than what he was currently worth.
The two men stared at each other, and the sales director was confident Alex would meet his demands because Alex needed him.
“Very well,” Alex said. “Go talk to accounting and collect your last paycheck. Then you can leave.” He turned away and started to look at some documents on his desk, completely dismissing the
 man. 
The sales director stared at Alex, shocked by his response.
“Mr. Ambrose, it’s not that I’m not willing to negotiate,” he whined. In fact, the sales director didn’t want to leave, because he was still getting paid for doing nothing at all. If he left, he wasn’t sure he could find a new position that would pay him the salary he desired.
“There’s nothing to negotiate,” Alex said. “You’re free to go.” 
The sales director was flabbergasted, and he started to get angry. “What do you mean by this, Mr. Ambrose? Are you firing me?”
“You said you wanted a thirty percent raise,” Alex said politely. “I’m sorry, but my business is small, and I can’t accommodate you. I don’t even know if I could promise that salary in the future, so it’s better that I don’t keep you here and stifle your ambitions. Go elsewhere. Best of luck to you.”
The sales director realized Alex had seen through his plan, so he changed tactics. “If I leave, you won’t be able to find anyone else who can do what I do.”
“Alex, if he’s gone, we’ll be short of people,” Edward murmured to him.
Alex smiled, picked up his phone, and then dialed a number. He put the phone on speaker, and they all listened to it ring. It was picked up by Cole Havers, who was well-versed in the real estate market.
“Hi, Cole,” Alex said. “It’s Alex. I have a question for you. If your sales director came to you asking for a thirty percent raise in his salary, would you give it to him?”
There was a pause on the other end of the line, and then Cole asked, “A thirty percent raise? In this market?” He started laughing heartily. 
“I’ll take that as 
a
 no?” Alex asked.
“Of course! What a silly question.” Cole kept laughing as they both hung up their phones.
Alex turned back to his sales director and stared at him.
The sales director squirmed. “Mr. Ambrose, how do you expect to sell any houses without me here? If I go, I’ll wager you won’t sell even a single brick!”
“I’m willing to take my chances,” Alex said impatiently. “You’re done here. Get out.”
“Alex, wait!” The sales director stepped forward quickly.
Edward intercepted him and placed a hand on the sales director’s chest to stop him. “Mr. Ambrose has told you to leave. Go and collect your final paycheck.”
The sales director was furious. When he looked down and saw Edward’s hand holding him back, his expression turned ugly, and he looked like he was about to attack Edward. But, before he could, a couple of bodyguards stepped out of the shadows and stared menacingly at him, and he froze in fear. Finally, he realized that his gamble hadn’t paid off, and he had lost. Defeated, he left the office.
**
A few days later, Jessop Clifton called, wanting to meet with Alex. 
Alex was pleased to hear from the man; he was Debbie’s grandfather after all. “I’d be happy to meet with you,” Alex replied. “Come to Birchwood House. I live and work here
 now.”
“Oh, really?” Jessop asked in surprise. “Are you running the security there?” Jessop was a little confused. Alex had bounced around from job to job, and Jessop couldn’t keep 
track of where the young man went.
On the way to Birchwood House, Jessop tried to think of a way to bring up his request. He wanted Alex to come back to be the head of the family. He figured that would be a much more comfortable job than working as a security guard somewhere.
But Jessop hadn’t talked to
Alex in quite some time, and it sounded like he was now part of the Birchwood business dealings. The developed property was new, and until recently, it had been farmland.
He had no idea Alex was now running the place.