Alex’s trick had backfired. 
I shouldn’t have said that to her, 
he thought.
 It was a pretty childish thing to do.
Dropping her arms from round his waist, Maryann looked at him, thinking it over. Moments later, she blushed and said, “Oh, well, it’s just a kiss. I’ll take my chances!”
Alex stared at her, feeling confused. 
What do I do now? 
he thought, panicking a little.
 I don’t know whether to laugh or cry. I can’t believe she took me seriously! 
Eventually, he said, “Maryann, I was just kidding. I’m not going to join your company, but you can always come to me if you need something.”
With that, he turned and fled. 
“Wait!” Maryann shouted. “Please, Alex, wait!” She ran after him, but Alex was moving too quickly. 
“Alex!” she called. 
I can’t let him go, 
she thought.
 What if I never see him again?
Alex started walking faster, and she was falling behind, so she kicked off her high heels and ran after him, barefoot.
“Don’t go!” she shouted.
When he slowed down at the hospital gates, Maryann caught up to him. Without warning, while he was waiting to flag down a taxi, she grabbed him from behind and hugged him. 
Then, turning him round to face her, she gave Alex a peck on the lips. 
Alex was stunned. “What was that?” 
“A kiss,” she said brightly. “And now you belong to me. Well, to the company, really. You can’t go back on your word.”
“I…” Alex stuttered, unsure how to react. He was furious with himself for making such a stupid joke. He had only intended to scare her off, and he had certainly never expected her to go through with it. Now, he felt guilty, because his lips belonged purely to Debbie.
Maryann looked up at him. “Come on, carry me back to look for my shoes. My feet are 
killing me.”
“Maryann, I won’t do that,” Alex said, his tone icy. “Please stop this nonsense.” He put his hands in his pockets and walked away.
Maryann opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but she stayed silent. She trudged back inside, and her father narrowed his eyes as he looked at her.
“Have you been crying?” he asked.
**
Later, Sophie tracked Alex down and handed him a key. “This is for you,” she said.
After their previous encounters, Sophie knew she had to be respectful. Alex wasn’t someone she could mess with.
“What’s this?” Alex asked, looking at the key.
“After you won the wager, my father decided he couldn’t bear to lose me for three years,” she explained. “Besides, he doesn’t think I’d make a very good maid. He hopes he can buy my freedom by giving you the Woodside Clinic instead.” She smiled. “My father is a man of his word, so he can’t just forget the wager, but he thought this might be an acceptable alternative.”
She sighed. “So, I’m handing the clinic over to you.” She pointed to the clinic. “From now on, it’s all yours.”
“Oh,” Alex said, scratching his head and thinking about the bet. Then he waved his hand dismissively. “
Tell
 your father that I can’t accept the clinic. The whole bet was just a joke. I never intended to collect on it.” 
The clinic, with its dozens of rooms and extensive equipment, was really a small medical center, and it was an ideal setup. As such, it was worth a lot of money, and Alex felt guilty about taking it.
“My father said he lost the bet, so you have to accept it,” Sophie said firmly. “The clinic is yours. If you don’t take it, he will be humiliated, making it impossible for him to work in medicine in the future. His credibility will be destroyed, and the hospital will lose its best doctor.” 
When Alex tried to move, she stepped to the side, blocking his path.
“Where’s your father?” Alex asked, his expression stern. “I’ll go speak to him and set him straight.” He had wanted to teach Sophie a lesson, but not at her father’s expense.
“He’s gone abroad on business,” Sophie replied. “And he’ll be away for a while. When he comes back, he won’t talk to you about this. If you don’t accept the clinic, he’ll send me to your house to be your servant for three years. He’s serious about honoring the bet, and he won’t back down.” 
Sophie was close to tears. “I can’t wash your dishes and sweep your floor. Please don’t make me.” 
Alex was getting a headache. He couldn’t believe Isaiah’s ridiculous attitude, and he didn’t know what to do. 
I really wish I hadn’t made that stupid bet
, he thought. 
I just wanted to take Sophie down a peg or two, and now look where it’s gotten me.
He knew Sophie would be a terrible servant. She didn’t strike him as someone who would be good at housework, and she would probably just argue with him all the time.
“Alex, you 
must
 accept the clinic,” Sophie pleaded. “My father said that you need to make a choice. Either I become your servant, or you take the clinic.” She paused. “So, which will it be, Alex?”