The old woman glared 
at Alex. “I don’t care whether you’re a doctor or not; I won’t let you get away with this,” she yelled. “I’ll report you!” 
Suddenly, someone from the crowd threw a glass bottle toward the old woman, and she screamed. Her husband and son rushed toward her, but several of the onlookers 
tripped 
them.
The crowd began shouting and accusing the old woman, and the scene descended into complete chaos.
They only stopped when the police arrived. After listening to what had happened, the police arrested the old woman, her husband, and her son.
The young mother felt 
relieved, and she decided she would divorce her husband to protect herself and her child from that cruel family. 
She turned to Alex. “Thank you for everything you’ve done today. May I keep in touch with you?” she asked politely.
Alex told her he worked at Woodside Clinic and that she could find him there.
As he was about to leave, the crowd cheered for him. He nodded at them gratefully, and then he headed back to the hospital with Sawyer.
After watching how Alex had conducted himself, Sawyer was even more impressed with him, and h
is inner convictions about him became firmer.
As soon as they returned to the hospital, a middle-aged woman approached Sawyer. “Mr. Landon, there’s someone who wants to talk to you,” she said.
Sawyer nodded, and the woman led him to the waiting room.
After a few minutes, he returned to Alex and informed him the Murdoch family had come to a compromise.
Alex was surprised
, realizing Sawyer’s involvement seemed to have changed the situation. 
The Murdoch family 
had now revoked the order to assassinate Alex, and they had also 
compensated him with ten thousand dollars.
Of course, in return, Alex would no longer pursue Steven and try to find out who had employed him.
Sawyer 
wasn’t happy that the Murdoch family was getting off so easily, but he hadn’t suffered any loss.
Of course, Alex didn’t think that was enough. He was determined to retaliate against the members of the Murdoch family who had disrespected him. 
But since they had come to a compromise, Alex 
decided to leave the Murdoch family alone for the time being.
After bidding Sawyer farewell, Alex 
drove
 back to the Woodside Clinic. 
When he walked inside the clinic, he was shocked to see the number of patients who were sitting and waiting.
When I left in the morning, the clinic was empty, but now there are dozens of patients,
 he thought.
He looked over to see Sophie, who was looking anxious. Kendall was going around, apologizing to the patients for the long wait.
Alex walked over to her. “Kendall, what’s going on?” he asked.
“Alex, you’re back,” she said, evidently happy to see him. “All these patients have come to see you. 
They heard about you helping that
 child earlier and have come here seeking your treatment.”
Alex was surprised.
“Some of these people have been waiting for more than an hour,” Kendall continued. “Sophie has only been seeing patients with mild conditions. You must hurry and help her with the others. She’s been working for hours without any rest.”
“Of course,” said Alex, still in shock.
He had casually told the young mother he had met earlier that he worked at Woodside Clinic, but he hadn’t expected she would spread the news 
and advertise him
.
Alex looked around the room and was deeply moved. It was clear all those people who had come to see him appreciated his medical ethics. They trusted him without knowing how skillful he was.
“The doctor is here,” said one of the patients.
Everyone turned and looked at Alex admiringly.
Although it had been a simple matter for Alex to pull out a needle from the baby’s diaper, it had shown people his kindness and courage. It wasn’t often that an ordinary person confronted a family after hearing a baby cry.
“Thank you for trusting me,” said Alex warmly. “I will see you all one by one.”
The patients smiled and looked at him expectantly.
Alex walked away to wash and disinfect his hands. Then, once he was ready, the first patient was called in.
“Doctor, I get a sudden severe pain in my knees and toes,” the patient said.
Alex felt his pulse and then looked inside his mouth. “You have symptoms of gout. I’ll give you a pill to 
reduce 
the pain, but you should try to avoid seafood and alcohol. With the right diet, your condition can be controlled.”
The second patient complained of getting headaches in the middle of the night. After examining her, Alex diagnosed her with migraine.
The next patient walked in and said, “My leg loses strength from time to time, and I’ve fallen several times. When I was younger, it wasn’t too bad, and I could manage. But 
now that I'm
 getting older, it’s becoming unbearable.”
Alex examined him. “You have excessive growth of bone tissue. I’ll give you a treatment of acupuncture and a deep tissue massage,” he said. “I’ll also prescribe a week’s medicine for you to take. You should rest during this period. Once you have completed the prescription, come back and see me for a review.”
Then a beautiful young woman came in. “Doctor, I’ve been suffering from chest tightness, and I’m always out of breath,” she said.
Alex took her hand and felt her pulse. “Madam, you seem to be in good health. Just avoid 
overexertion
 and wear looser clothing.”
The woman blushed and smiled at him shyly.
One by one, patients came in and told Alex about their illnesses. Each time, he could quickly diagnose their conditions and treat them accordingly.
Many of the patients started to feel instant relief from their pain, and a few even recovered from their conditions on the spot.
Everyone was impressed by Alex’s skill and by how quickly they had all been seen and treated.
Sophie was stunned. By the time she had seen and treated five patients, Alex had already seen thirty
. The treatment he offered was 
also more effective than hers.
In fact, some of the patients she had seen had gone to Alex afterward, seeking a second opinion. 
Within a short time, Alex had seen all the patients. He had treated them with either acupuncture or provided them with medicine.
All the patients were very happy and left the clinic satisfied. They told Alex they would spread the word about him and his clinic.
Woodside Clinic was sure to get many more patients over the coming days.
As Sophie watched the patients leave, she felt like she was dreaming.
Only that morning, she had been worried about not having enough patients. But now, she began to think about how busy she would be and started to worry she wouldn’t have enough time to see them all.
In the past, when there had been a team of doctors at the clinic, the patients had always been very polite and grateful to them.
But seeing the warm, radiant smiles on the patient’s faces as they left that day made Sophie even happier.