Very soon, news of Alex’s successful remedies had spread, and people started pouring into the Woodside Clinic from all over the town. 
Kendall found herself very busy, but she was enjoying herself.
Sophie was moved when she saw how happy Kendall looked. Even Alex noticed it and remarked that it was impossible to fake that kind of joy.
For the first time, Kendall realized the sense of achievement brought about by helping people instead of destroying families.
Even if she was only getting paid a few hundred dollars, she thought it was more meaningful and rewarding than earning millions of dollars as an assassin.
Nobody knows the misery criminals live with, 
she thought.
 It’s 
better to spend time doing good.
Kendall and Sophie had once despised Alex, but now they were working under him, and they were pleased to do it.
As the evenings approached, Alex would grow tired from his day’s work.
The patients would notice his fatigue and start to disperse, knowing they could return the following day. 
After closing one evening, Sophie seemed particularly pleased. “Our situation has finally improved. Things are looking up,” she called out happily. “We made three thousand dollars today.”
Alex leaned back in his chair and stretched out his arms. “Three thousand dollars isn’t as much as we could have earned if we had a whole medical team. We would have been able to earn double that amount.”
“Still, it’s a big improvement,” said Sophie, as she counted the money again.
“Dinner’s ready,” called out Kendall as she came in from the backyard. “It’s grilled meat and roasted vegetables. I wanted to make something special to celebrate our success, but I was too busy to go out today to buy ingredients.”
“Thanks, Kendall,” said Alex and Sophie.
“Well, you both deserve it after all your hard work today. Come and eat,” she said.
Just as Alex was heading to the backyard, his phone rang, and he answered it.
“Alex, come out and celebrate with me tonight,” came Maryann’s voice
. “I’ve managed to get the Blue Bottle Winery closed down.”
Alex was hesitant.
“Please come,” she begged.
After much insistence, Alex finally agreed to meet Maryann to celebrate. He apologized to Kendall and made his way to the 
Barside
 Club.
Once he got there, he followed the staff to the reserved private room, only to discover he had arrived a little early.
There were only about a dozen people there. 
As he looked around, he spotted Cassidy Pike, who was dressed in a long skirt as she sat in the corner, looking at a magazine.
She looked calm and radiant under the ambient lighting, and Alex was mesmerized. 
He walked quickly over to her. “Cassidy, how are you?” he called out.
She looked up and beamed with joy when she saw him. “Alex, what are you doing here?” she asked.
“I was invited by Maryann to celebrate,” he replied with a smile. “How about you?”
He was friends with Maryann, so it wasn’t unusual for him to be there to celebrate her success. But he thought it was a little strange that Cassidy had turned up when the Blue Bottle Winery had just closed.
Do Cassidy and Maryann know each other?
 he wondered.
“The Blue Bottle Winery has been closed down, and I know a senior member of the Robinson Winery, so I want to ask him for help to resolve the issue.” 
Alex frowned. “You’re going to fix it?” he asked. “Are you associated with the Murdoch family?”
“Why? Does it matter?” she asked curiously.
“The Blue Bottle Winery is involved in a lawsuit,” Alex said. “If you’re not careful, you’ll get yourself into trouble. You’re a well-known singer, so you shouldn’t get involved in these things.” 
Cassidy lowered her head. “Louisa’s my friend. I should at least try to help her.”
“Louisa?” cried Alex. He didn’t have a good impression of Louisa. “You shouldn’t worry about it. Let Louisa deal with it herself.”
“I should still try,” Cassidy said. “When I first started out in my career, Louisa really helped me out, and I want to repay her.”
Then, after hesitating for a few moments, she continued, “Louisa isn’t like Grayson, who used to bully people. She has always respected me, and we have a good relationship. Now, it’s my turn to do something for her.” 
Initially, Cassidy hadn’t wanted to get involved, but Louisa had called her and asked for help, and she couldn’t turn her friend down.
“So, there seems to be nothing about Grayson in the news,” said Alex, remembering the lewd man.
Cassidy’s face turned white. She looked around her and then lowered her voice. “I’ve followed it up. The police have determined his cause of death as suicide.”
“Well, that’s that then,” Alex said, nodding. “Grayson’s story is over, and he deserved what happened. But what you’re getting yourself into isn’t as simple as you think.”
He knew Cassidy’s involvement in the Blue Bottle Winery matter would land her in trouble.
If people found out she was involved, they would think she was associated with the Murdoch family.
Cassidy was a smart woman. She knew Alex had her best interests at heart, and she trusted him.
Before she could respond, the door was pushed open, and a group of well-dressed men and women walked in.
They were led by a tall young man dressed in a suit and a woman in fine jewelry.
Cassidy whispered to Alex, “That’s the person I want to speak to. Derek Lloyd, the marketing manager at Robinson Winery. The woman next to him is Elaine Wallace, the research and development manager at Robinson Winery and a pharmacist.”
Alex discreetly checked them out.
Cassidy continued, “As a senior executive at the Robinson Winery, and as part of the Lloyd family, Derek has a lot of influence in the company.”
The tall young man glanced around, and his eyes brightened when he saw Cassidy.
“Cassidy, you’re here too?” he called out.
He gestured at Elaine and the others to sit down, then walked over to where Cassidy and Alex were sitting.
Cassidy felt embarrassed and smiled awkwardly as she stood up to greet him. “Hello, Derek, how are you?”
Alex remained silent and smiled politely.
“I see 
you’re
 free tonight,” Derek said. “Whenever I ask you to come out with me, you always say you’re too busy. I hope you haven’t been making up excuses to avoid me.” 
Derek ignored Alex and sat down next to Cassidy.
She immediately inched away, as if she didn’t want to get too close to him. “I wasn’t making up excuses. I really have been busy,” she replied. “I’m sorry if I’ve offended you.”
He waved that away. “There’s no need to apologize.”