Ferdinand was speechless. He attached great importance to this purchase, as was demonstrated by the fact he had come here personally. He had learned that owning a villa at Birchwood was the new thing to do. Everyone in the upper class was vying for a property here, and Ferdinand didn’t want to miss out.
But the sales associate had left him speechless. The properties at Birchwood House were indeed part of a seller’s market, which was far different from most of the rest of the market.
“That’s ridiculous. I want—” Ferdinand broke off when he saw Alex, and his expression changed instantly into one of disdain.
Although Alex was already an important figure in the Baltimore Martial Arts Association, and even at the national level, Ferdinand believed Alex was simply a young and foolish hooligan. Furthermore, his generation didn’t know how to manage money or business affairs.
Ferdinand despised Alex. The last time they had met, Alex had slapped his face, and there was no way he would let go of his anger over that encounter.
“Well, well,” Ferdinand said smugly. “
So
 it looks like you’re interested in buying a house at Birchwood. Do you really think you could afford it? I understand the properties here are quite expensive. Do you have that kind of capital?”
Several of Ferdinand’s assistants also looked Alex up and down, their expressions mocking. 
“Go back home, little boy,” Ferdinand said with a sneer. “This isn’t a place you can afford.”
“Oh my,” Alex said, smiling. “I had no idea. Is it really so expensive? Do you think it’s too expensive for me?”
“What are you going on about?” Ferdinand grumbled. “There’s no way you have the money to afford a place here.”
Alex shrugged. “You might be right. This place is, oh I don’t know. It’s a bit…” He trailed off as if couldn’t think of the right word.
Ferdinand stared at him like he was an idiot. “You have no business getting mixed up 
with the upper class,” he said. “Didn’t I hear somewhere that you had been replaced at the Baltimore Martial Arts Association? That must have been rather humiliating.”
Ferdinand obviously knew about the change in leadership at the Baltimore Martial Arts Association. But he didn’t seem to know that Alex had been appointed the first envoy by the American Martial Arts Association, or that Alex had gone on to defeat Jacob. The information from that match had remained closely guarded, so it was not surprising Ferdinand knew nothing about it.
“I assume you’ve seen the prices the properties here are going for?” Ferdinand said condescendingly. “It’s a pity the villas are so far out of your price range.”
Ferdinand took pleasure in mocking Alex in public. The staff of the sales office were surprised as they watched the interaction.
“I suppose that if I were poor, I would have some sense of what I could afford,” Alex agreed. “After all, I may have won a few martial arts matches, but that doesn’t mean I should overreach, does it?”
“You’re only a young fool,” Ferdinand snapped.
“Sir, aren’t you being a bit rude to this young gentleman?” Another voice broke into their conversation, and it held a trace of dissatisfaction.
Cole Havers had arrived, and he didn’t like the way the man was talking to Alex.
Although Cole knew the people who came to look at properties here were not ordinary people
.
S
till, he didn’t like to hear them talking down to others, especially Alex.
“Who do you think you are to talk to me like that?” Ferdinand hissed as he turned his gaze on Cole.
Cole ignored Ferdinand’s displeasure and turned to Alex. He bowed his head respectfully and said, “Good day, boss. We didn’t expect you in today. Can I help you with anything?” 
“What?” Ferdinand froze, thinking he had misheard the man. His assistants looked at him in confusion.
“What did you just call him?” Ferdinand asked again.
“Mr. Ambrose here is our boss,” Cole said.
“Are you kidding me? There is no way this young idiot could be your boss.” Ferdinand started to laugh, thinking he had just heard a ridiculous joke. It was simply not possible that Alex could be the head of the Birchwood Real Estate Company.
“I don’t know you, sir,” Cole said seriously. “Why would I lie to you?”
Cole was used to dealing with difficult customers and knew how to talk to them. But when they were rude and looked down on others, he had a difficult time maintaining his composure.
What’s more, this man and his assistants had been mocking Cole’s boss, and Cole seethed with anger. 
“Open your eyes and see the truth, sir,” he said. “This is our boss, and he’s the owner of all the real estate here at Birchwood House.” Cole paused as he stared hard at Ferdinand. Then he said, “Let me be clear. Contrary to what you believe, Mr. Ambrose can indeed afford a property here because he owns the entire estate.”
Ferdinand still couldn’t believe his ears. He glanced at Alex, who stood quietly, staring at Ferdinand. Then he glanced at Cole, who was still panting in indignation. There was no way any of it could be true. Alex was a mere street rat, so he couldn’t own such a wealthy property.
“You think you can try to fool me?” Ferdinand asked. “I don’t know what your game is here, Alex. But you should quit. I don’t believe anything that is going on here.”
Before Ferdinand could say anything else, Cole slapped a binder of paperwork down on the table in front of him, indicating that Ferdinand should take a look at it.
Hesitating, Ferdinand glanced down at the binder and saw that it was a property contract for Birchwood House. Then he spotted the name on the contract and his face blanched. His vision darkened for a moment.
This is unbelievable,
 he thought in dismay.
Alex clapped his hands and said, “Well, now that we have that matter settled, I believe you came here to buy a property, Ferdinand. Please, take a look at all these flyers for each of the villas. Which one do you like?” He smiled as he swept his gaze over the shocked man.
“Are these houses really yours?” Ferdinand asked quietly, still trying to gather his thoughts. He had come to buy one of the most sought-after properties on the real estate 
market, but he would never have guessed who owned them. His shock was slowly transforming into anger, and he felt like Alex had made a fool of him.
He glanced around the room and saw the triumphant looks in everyone’s eyes. 
Yes,
 he thought bitterly. 
He did indeed make a fool of me. 
“How dare you try to humiliate me, Alex,” Ferdinand said through clenched teeth. He was beginning to tremble with anger. 
“You can buy any property you want,” Alex said. “But I want five hundred million dollars for it. If you don’t have that much money, then go away!” He was tired of dealing with the other man. Ferdinand was a pompous fool, and Alex had other things to take care of. 
Ferdinand roared and leaped forward, intent on attacking Alex. But Alex was faster. Before Ferdinand could even ball up his fist, Alex had already slapped him across the face.
“Hey!” Ferdinand cried, cupping his cheek. “You hit me!”
He struck out at Alex.
Then Alex struck back.