Alex hadn’t expected to bump into Charles Marvel’s daughter in Baltimore, so he was a little shocked.
As he stared at Lindsey, he loosened his grip on Michael, and he thought back to the last time he had seen 
her
. She had asked for his help to save the Drake family, and he had rushed back to Washington, D.C.
Now Lindsey gazed back at him, her eyes shining with tears as she smiled.
Alex’s heart softened for a moment, and then he tightened his grip on Michael and looked at Lindsey with indifference. 
Lindsey must own this place
, he thought. 
Why else would she be here? And why else would she have rushed in to stop me?
“I’m sure this must be some kind of misunderstanding,” Lindsey said, biting her lip. “Please don’t do anything rash.”
Lindsey had heard there was something wrong on the VIP floor, so she had rushed over here to sort it out. But when she had arrived, she had seen all the guards lying on the floor and the crossbow bolts sticking out of the wall. Then she had run into the room, only to see Alex dangling Michael out of a window.
She knew the situation was serious. If Michael fell, he would never survive the drop from this height, so she had to stop Alex. 
She adored Alex, but she couldn’t let him murder someone, especially not in front of so many people. 
Why on earth would he do such a thing?
 she wondered. 
What’s happened between him and Michael?
“Alex, please pull him back inside,” she pleaded, stepping forward. “Then we can sit down and discuss it. Whatever it is, we can sort it out. There’s no need for this.” 
“You want us to talk?” Alex asked, his eyebrows shooting up. He glanced at Michael. “You really think he’ll say anything worth listening to?”
“Miss Marvel, help!” Michael called. “Stop this maniac! I was just holding a party here, and he barged in and started attacking everyone. Now he’s threatening to kill me! Get him off me!”
He twisted around a little, trying to see her. “I came here to support you,” he said, beginning to sound desperate. “If anything happens to me, it will destroy your business, and my father will hold you and your family responsible. Call the police!”
Everyone looked at him with pity. It was obvious Alex had terrified him, and they all called out, pleading with Alex to let Michael live.
“Alex, please,” Lindsey begged him. “I can see you’re angry, but there are other ways to handle this. Why not let the police deal with it? If you kill him, you’ll be arrested. I don’t want that.”
“Yes, Alex,” Michael said. “If you kill me, you’ll do time for it. No matter how powerful you are, you won’t get away with something like this.” 
“Shut up,” Alex said, shaking Michael as if he intended to drop him.
Michael screamed.
“Please, Alex,” Lindsey said, tears streaming down her face. “Let’s just talk.” 
She stepped closer, her hand outstretched. No one was certain if she was more worried about Alex or Michael. 
“He’s not worth it,” she said. “Don’t get into trouble because of him. Try to calm down and think this through. If you do this, it will ruin your future.”
“My future?” Alex repeated. “He won’t affect my future at all. And he’s the one to blame for what’s happening now. He started this.”
“I didn’t do anything!” Michael cried. “You’re the one who has been causing trouble. If you think I’ve done something wrong, then show me the evidence!”
“If he’s committed some crime, then he’ll be punished for it,” Lindsey said. “You don’t have to be the one to do it. Let the authorities handle it.” 
She felt a little sad. After moving to Baltimore, she had finally 
found 
Alex, and already he was trying to kill someone.
She knew if he killed Michael, it could destroy his life. After all, Alex hadn’t been here for long, while the Murdoch family was well established. It wouldn’t be a fair fight.
“I can’t let him get away with this,” Alex said firmly. “I can’t take the risk that he’ll weasel his way out of everything.” 
“Do you really hate him that much?” Lindsey asked anxiously. “Enough to risk everything to take him down personally?” She met his gaze. “Alex, please let Michael go. The police have already been called and are on their way. You’re already in a lot of trouble; please don’t make it any worse.”
Alex looked at her. “Are you worried about me? Or are you worried about the damage to your club’s reputation?”
“I…” Lindsey began, but she trailed off, not knowing what to say.
Alex, even if you burned the club down, I wouldn’t blame you,
 she thought. 
But if you kill him, you’ll never get away with it. 
Alex’s eyes were on her, but she knew she couldn’t encourage him to kill anyone, particularly not in front of witnesses. Still, she was no longer telling him 
not
 to do it. 
While Alex was distracted, Michael bent his knees slightly, and then he pushed himself up, launching himself out the window. Alex’s grip hadn’t been tight enough, and he was forced to let go, letting Michael fall.
Michael plummeted from the top floor, hitting the ground and dying instantly. 
Everyone in the room stared at Alex, unable to believe what had happened. Their view of Michael’s actions had been obstructed by Alex’s position, so none of them realized Michael had killed himself. Instead, they all believed Alex had thrown him out the window.
“Alex!” Lindsey cried, rushing past him to look outside.
In the street below, people swarmed around Michael’s body, some of them looking up the building to see where he had fallen from. Already, sirens sounded in the distance, and it wouldn’t be long before the police arrived.
Lindsey lifted her hand to cover her mouth, feeling a little sick.
The others in the room were stunned. They hadn't thought Alex was brave or reckless enough to kill Michael in public. It was simply unthinkable.
But although they were angry, they were also afraid. If Alex could do that, then what else was he capable of? 
Alex knew he wasn’t responsible for Michael’s death and that the man had deliberately killed himself, but he didn’t understand why. After all, Michael was rich and powerful, and he had had everything to live for. 
He frowned, suspecting he was missing something.
Lindsey began to sob, and she couldn’t stop trembling as she looked down at the scene below. 
Then the door burst open, and police officers swarmed inside.
**
Sophie and Kendall pulled up outside the police station at half past seven in the morning. Then they jumped out of the car and rushed inside. They had come as soon as they had heard about Alex being arrested, determined to help him.
Lindsey was sitting inside, waiting for news, but Sophie and Kendall didn’t know her, so they walked past, ignoring her.
“Alex is a maniac!” David Drake said, glancing at Lindsey. “He’ll be going to prison for this. He can’t just go around killing people like that.”
Lindsey frowned as she wiped away a tear. 
“He wouldn’t do that!” Kendall insisted, unable to listen to them for a moment longer. “I think Michael is responsible for hurting people, and Alex went to confront him. But Alex wouldn’t murder anyone. Not in front of witnesses.”